Accenture Duck Creek
EXAMPLE Express®
Reference Guide
1 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

2 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Copyright © 2000-2011 Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved.
The software contains proprietary information of Duck Creek Technologies. It is provided under a license agreement
containing restrictions on use and disclosure and is also protected by copyright law. Reverse engineering of the
software is prohibited.
Due to continued product development, this information may change without notice. The information and intellectual
property contained herein is confidential between Duck Creek Technologies and the client and remains the exclusive
property of Duck Creek Technologies. If you find any problems in the documentation, please report them to us in
writing. Duck Creek Technologies does not warrant that this document is error-free.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any
means—electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise—without the prior written permission of Duck
Creek Technologies, Inc.
Duck Creek Technologies. http://www.duckcreektech.com
3 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

EXAMPLE Express® Reference Guide
This document contains information about the features and functions of EXAMPLE Express ®and instructions for
configuring and customizing it.
The information contained in this guide is based on an EXAMPLE Express ®implementation that uses Avant
Garde–based skins. For differences that exist when running an EXAMPLE Express ®configuration that uses Lila-based
skins, see the appendix Using Lila-Based Skins .
EXAMPLE Express® Functionality
EXAMPLE Express ®has the following important features:
•An architecture that supports integration with other EXAMPLE Platform ®products and other systems
•An out-of-the-box policy administration interface
•Out-of-the-box consumer access screens and the ability to implement a custom consumer access system
•Database management tools (through EXAMPLE UserAdmin™)
•A portfolio feature that allows policies to share common information
•Flexible, role-based security (through EXAMPLE UserAdmin™)
•A framework that allows carriers to extend and customize the EXAMPLE Express ®system as needed
Architecture
EXAMPLE Express ®works with the EXAMPLE Platform ®and other downstream systems to provide carriers with a
complete policy administration system.
EXAMPLE Express ®in the EXAMPLE Platform ®
EXAMPLE Express ®works with the following other EXAMPLE Platform ®products to facilitate policy administration
through the web:
•EXAMPLE ManuScripts ™ – EXAMPLE Express ®allows users to view and interact with insurance products
defined through EXAMPLE ManuScripts™ (built in EXAMPLE Author ®). These ManuScripts contain the complete
product definition that EXAMPLE Server ®uses to collect data, run rules and rating, and control product workflow.
•EXAMPLE Server ® – EXAMPLE Express ®acts as a translator between the user and EXAMPLE Server ®,
allowing users to send and receive XML data (policy data) and the requests and responses required for rating,
underwriting, and other policy administration actions through a user-friendly interface. If desired, EXAMPLE
Server ®can be extended to allow integration with third-party data services such as MVRs and credit checks, or
with internal services that can perform tasks such as querying the claims system for number of losses, generating
new policy numbers, or performing clearance.
•EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ – EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ enables administrators to assign and regulate the privileges
of EXAMPLE Express ®users using role-based security. With EXAMPLE UserAdmin™, carriers can define
security permissions according to their distinct organizational needs.
•EXAMPLE TransACT ® – (Optional) EXAMPLE Express ®can work with EXAMPLE TransACT ®to extend its
policy processing capabilities through policy issuance and beyond. EXAMPLE TransACT ®allows users to
perform endorsements, cancellations, and other transactions, and it supports out-of-sequence transactions, audit
processing, and batch processing.
4 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•EXAMPLE Forms™ – (Optional) EXAMPLE Express ®can work with EXAMPLE Forms™ to provide document
generation capabilities. EXAMPLE Forms™ allows users to view, select, and generate policy forms.
EXAMPLE Express ®and Other Systems
Through EXAMPLE Server ®, data collected using EXAMPLE Express ®can be passed to downstream systems. In
addition, EXAMPLE Express ®itself can be integrated with other systems using custom post actions and custom
content pages.
For information about EXAMPLE Server ®and options for integration, see the Guide to EXAMPLE Server® . For
information about custom post actions and content pages, see OnDemand Framework andCustomizing EXAMPLE
Express® .
Policy Administration Interface
EXAMPLE Express ®provides an online policy administration interface that allows users to view and work with policies,
quotes, and clients. This interface includes the following:
•Login
•New Agency Signup
•Policy Administration Dashboard
•Notifications
•Tasks
•Batch Reports
•Search
•Policy pages
•Client pages
•New Quote
•Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar
Login
The EXAMPLE Express ®Login page allows existing users to log in with a username and password, or new users to
request an agency account. Out of the box, the EXAMPLE Express ®Login page appears as follows:
5 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

The Login page can be customized. For general information on customizing out-of-the-box EXAMPLE
Express ®pages, see Customizing EXAMPLE Express ®Skins .
If desired, EXAMPLE Express ®can bypass the Login page using credentials passed from another system.
For information on this capability and other authentication methods, see the EXAMPLE Server ™ User Guide .
New Agency Signup
The New Agency Signup page (accessed by clicking Get an Agency Account on the Login page) allows new agents
to request an account. Requested accounts are not activated until they are approved by a system administrator in
EXAMPLE UserAdmin™.
Out of the box, the New Agency Signup page appears as follows:
6 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

The New Agency Signup page can be customized. For general information on customizing out-of-the-box EXAMPLE
Express ®pages, see Customizing EXAMPLE Express ®Skins .
Policy Administration Dashboard
The Policy Administration Dashboard provides a summary view of everything going on in the policy administration
system and quick access to frequently performed activities (such as starting a new quote). Summary information can
include:
•Recently accessed quotes and policies – The dashboard displays the last five policies and quotes that the
logged-in user has accessed.
•Recent notifications – The dashboard displays the five most recent notifications that were sent to all users, sent
to the logged-in user, or sent to any entities at which the user has been assigned ViewNotifications privileges.
•Tasks – The dashboard displays tasks assigned to the user that are due soon from all task queues at which the
user has been assigned ViewTasks privileges.
7 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Carriers can customize the Policy Administration Dashboard for each type of user (agent, underwriter, etc.), adding,
removing, or customizing content to best meet each user's needs. Out of the box, the Policy Administration Dashboard
appears as follows. (The example below shows the out-of-the-box configuration for Agents.)
For information on customizing the Policy Administration Dashboard for each type of user, see Customizing the Policy
Administration Dashboard . For general information on customizing out-of-the-box EXAMPLE Express ®pages, see
Customizing EXAMPLE Express ®Skins .
Notifications
The Notifications page allows users to send and receive important announcements or informations. Notifications can
be generated by individual users, or by the system using ManuScript logic. Notifications can be associated with specific
policies (for example, John Doe's policy has been approved), or can convey general announcements that are not
policy-specific (for example, Agents in Territory 31 cannot write Personal Auto policies through 1/1/11).
Notifications can be sent to individual users or to groups of users. EXAMPLE Express ®tracks the status of each
notification per user, allowing notifications to be tracked as read or unread for each user. In addition, notifications can
be managed through batch processing.
8 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Out of the box, the notification system provides one-way communication from management (or the system) to
users. If desired, the notification system can be modified to support two-way communication between users.
Out of the box, the Notifications page appears as follows:
From the Notifications page, users can:
•View received notifications – Users can view notifications sent to them, to all users, or to entities at which the
user has been assigned the ViewNotifications privilege. Out of the box, most users can only view notifications
sent to them or to the entities where they have the ViewNotifications privilege. Users with system administrator
privileges in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ (the Security Level CarrierAdmin privilege), however, can view all
notifications in the database by selecting the View Entire Database check box. All users can open individual
notifications and view details. For more information, see Notification Details Page .
•Create and send new notifications – Users can create new notifications using an EXAMPLE Express ®system
page or a customized EXAMPLE ManuScript™. For more information, see New Notification Page .
•Delete old notifications – Administrators can delete old notifications (if granted the appropriate privilege in
EXAMPLE UserAdmin™. Deleting a notification removes the notification from the database and from all other
users' lists of notifications.
Use caution when deleting notifications. Deleting a notification deletes the notification from the
database. The notification will be removed from all users’ lists of notifications.
9 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

In addition to viewing notifications from the Notifications page, users can also view notifications associated with a
specific policy on that policy's Policy Details page. For more information about the Policy Details page and its
notifications section, see Policy Details .
For information about customizing notifications, generating notifications automatically, or setting up batch processes for
notifications, see Customizing Notifications . For general information about customizing EXAMPLE Express ®pages,
seeCustomizing EXAMPLE Express ®Skins .
New Notification Page
Users can create and send new notifications using the New Notification page (accessed by clicking Send a
Notification on the main Notifications page). This page can easily be customized to meet each Carrier's unique needs
through one of two approaches:
•A system page
•A system ManuScript
You can send a notification that will be associated with a specific policy from the Policy Details page. All
users with the ViewNotifications privilege at the entity associated with that policy will be able to view the
notification on the Policy Details page.
EXAMPLE Express® System Page
Carriers can use a built-in New Notification system page that allows users to specify recipients for the notification, the
type of notification, a subject for the notification, and the text of the notification. This page provides a simple,
straightforward method for creating notifications, and requires very little customization.
Out of the box, EXAMPLE Express ®uses the New Notification system page, but Carriers can modify their
implementation to use a Message Detail ManuScript.
10 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

When sending a notification, users can specify any one of the following four possible recipients:
•All users – All users will receive the notification.
•Selected users – The user can select from a list of all users who belong to the entities at which the logged-in
user is a member and has the ViewUserList privilege.
•Selected entities – The user can select from a list of all entities where he or she has the ViewEntity privilege.
11 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•Selected entity labels – The user can select from a list of entity labels. All users who belong to an entity with that
entity label will receive the notification.
EXAMPLE Express® System ManuScript
Carriers can implement a custom Message Detail ManuScript. Using a custom ManuScript allows Carriers to define
advanced editing and business rules, and to add features such as the ability to attach files to notifications.
The Message Detail ManuScript replaces the New Notification system page and the Notification Details
system page. For more information about the Notification Details page, see Notification Details Page .
For instructions on customizing EXAMPLE Express ®to use a Message Detail ManuScript, see Configuring a Message
Detail ManuScript . For more information about system ManuScripts in general, see System ManuScripts .
Notification Details Page
Users can view details of a notification by clicking that notification in a list of notifications. Like the New Notification
page, the Notification Details page can easily be customized to meet each Carrier's unique needs through one of two
approaches:
•EXAMPLE Express ®system page – Carriers can implement a built-in Notification Details system page that
allows users to view the following details about each notification.
◦From – Who sent the notification. If the notification was system-generated, the value will be System .
◦To– Recipients of the notification. This may include individual users or groups of users.
◦Policy/Quote # – Number of the policy or quote with which the notification is associated and hyperlink to
the policy or quote. If the notification is not associated with any policy or quote, this detail does not appear.
◦Deleted – Date the notification was deleted by the logged in user. This detail only appears if the notification
has been deleted by the logged in user.
◦Attachments – Documents attached to the notification.
◦Message – Text of the notification.
This page provides a simple, straightforward method for viewing notification details, and requires very little
customization.
12 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•EXAMPLE Express ®system ManuScript — Carriers can implement a custom Message Detail ManuScript.
Using a custom ManuScript allows Carriers to define advanced business rules, and to add any desired features.
Out of the box, EXAMPLE Express ®uses the Notification Details system page, but Carriers can modify their
implementation to use a Message Detail ManuScript.
The Message Detail ManuScript replaces the New Notification system page and the Notification Details
system page. For more information about the New Notification page, see New Notification Page .
For instructions on customizing EXAMPLE Express ®to use a Message Detail ManuScript, see Configuring a Message
Detail ManuScript . For more information about system ManuScripts in general, see System ManuScripts .
Tasks
The Tasks section allows users to view and work with tasks. Tasks can be generated by individual users, or by the
system using ManuScript logic. All tasks are associated with a policy or quote. In addition, all tasks are assigned to
task queues (that are defined by privileges assigned in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™). Within queues, tasks can be
assigned to individual users or remain available for any user with access to that queue to pick up. Like notifications,
tasks can be managed through batch processing. The Tasks section displays all tasks associated with all task queues
to which the user belongs.
In addition to viewing tasks from the Tasks section, users can also view open tasks associated with a specific policy on
that policy's Policy Details page. Users can create new tasks for a policy from this page. For more information about
the Policy Details page and its tasks section, see Policy Details . For information about the New Task page, see New
Task Page .
Furthermore, Mass Tasks functionality lets a user reassign more than one task. Mass Tasks uses:
•ViewTasksOnly, which allows users to view task queues and task details to which they have permissions.
•ManageTasks, which allows users to view the task list, task details, pick up tasks, edit tasks, and complete tasks
to which they have permission. Users can send and return a task to the task queue.
For information about configuring Mass Tasks, see Setting Up Mass Tasks .
13 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

For information about customizing tasks, generating tasks automatically, setting up task queues, or setting up batch
processes for tasks, see Customizing Tasks . For general information about customizing EXAMPLE Express ®pages,
seeCustomizing EXAMPLE Express ®Skins .
My Tasks
The My Tasks page is divided into two sections:
•My Tasks displays all tasks assigned directly to the user
•Tasks Available for Pickup displays all tasks the user can pick up
Out of the box, this page is visible to all users, and it appears as follows:
14 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

From the My Tasks page, users can open individual tasks and view details or perform any of the following actions
(based on the user's privileges):
•Pick up the task (if not already assigned)
•Complete the task (if assigned to the user)
•Decline the task
•Edit the task (if the user created the task, or if the task is assigned to the user), or add notes to the task
15 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•Attach items to the task (if the user has attachment privileges and created or has been assigned the task)
•Send the task back to the queue (if assigned to the user)
•Reassign the task
•Delete the task
For more information about the Task Details page and the actions available on that page, see Task Details Page .
Task Management
The Task Management page is intended for users who must be able to view and manage task workloads. This page
displays all tasks in all queues the user has permission to work with. On this page, users can filter tasks by queue, due
date, assignee, status, category, or the date created. Users can then use a shortcut to reassign tasks, or open task
details to view or perform other task actions. Out of the box, this page is visible to Underwriter Managers only, and it
appears as follows:
16 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Using Task Management Filters
To filter the lists of tasks that display, select from the following list of filters and click Show me tasks :
•Queues – Click the button to the right of the selection box to display a list of queues. Select all of the queues you
want to search by selecting one or more checkboxes. Up to ten queues display on each page of the Queues
selection box; page through the box to select additional queues not shown on page one.
17 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•Due Date – Click the button to the right of the selection box to display the date selection box. Set both dates to
the same to search on a specific date, or select the starting and end date on or between which to search. Click
Save to set the selected dates.
•Assigned To – Click the button to the right of the selection box to display a list of people whose tasks the user
can search. Select all of the people to search by selecting one or more checkboxes. Up to ten assignees display
on each page of the Assigned To selection box. Page through the box to select additional people not shown on
page one.
•Status – Click the button to the right of the selection box to display a list of statuses to search. Choose the
statuses to search by selecting one or more checkboxes.
•Category – Click the button to the right of the selection box to display a list of categories (e.g., Billing or General)
to search. Choose the statuses to search by selecting one or more checkboxes.
•Created – Click the button to the right of the selection box to display the date selection box. Set both dates to the
same value to search on a specific date, or select the starting and end date for a search range. Click Save to set
the selected dates.
•Reference # – Click the Reference Number list to choose Reference Number or Title/Desc (description) as a
search parameter. Enter a policy, quote, bill, or account number, title, or description in the text box to the right of
the dropdown.
Reassigning Multiple Selections
To reassign multiple selections:
1.In the Task Management Area, select the check boxes to the left of the listed tasks.
2.(Optional) To reassign multiple tasks from more than one page at the same time, select checkboxes on the
current page, navigate to a new page, and select additional checkboxes.
18 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

3.After tasks are selected, click Reassign .
4.Use the Mass Reassign page to reassign the selected tasks.
Mass Reassign Page
Users can reassign more than one task to more than one person at a time.
To reassign tasks:
1.Use the Task Assignment page to select the tasks to reassign.
2.On the Mass Reassign page, select the queue where the reassigned tasks should be placed.
3.In the Assignee list, click the appropriate assignee.
4.Click OKto reassign all the previously selected tasks to the new queue and assignee, or Cancel to exit without
reassigning the tasks.
New Task Page
Users can create new tasks using the New Task page. On this page, users can enter information for a new task,
including the title, type of task, due date, and description. Users can then assign the task to the appropriate queue and,
if they have the appropriate permissions, to an individual within the specified queue.
Out of the box, the New Task page appears as follows:
19 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

The New Task page is controlled by the Task Detail ManuScript. If desired, carriers can use the out-of-the-box Task
Detail ManuScript, or they can modify their implementation to use a custom Task Detail ManuScript.
For instructions on using a custom Task Detail ManuScript or customizing the out-of-the-box Task Detail ManuScript,
seeCustomizing the Task Detail ManuScript . For information about system ManuScripts in general, see System
ManuScripts .
Task Details Page
Users can view details of a task by clicking that task in the list of tasks. Out-of-the-box, tasks have the following details.
Item Description
Title Title of the task.
Policy/
Quote #Number of the policy or quote with which the task is associated and hyperlink to the policy or quote.
Category Type of task. Options for the category are Carrier-defined. For instructions on defining task
categories, see Customizing Task Categories .
Due Date Date the task is due.
State State of the task. Options are Open, Completed, Closed (Carrier-defined reason codes are
available), or Deleted. Out of the box, EXAMPLE Express ®comes with a reason code of "Declined"
for the Closed state. For instructions on defining additional reason codes, see Customizing Task
Reason Codes .
20 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Created Date task was created.
Created By User who created the task. If the task was system-generated, the value will be System .
Queue Queue to which the task is assigned.
Assignee User (within the assigned queue) to which the task is assigned.
Description Task details.
Notes Any user-added notes for the task.
Task History History of the task, including any changes to assignee, queue, or status.
Attachments Documents attached to the task.
Actions available for tasks include:
•Pick up – Available only if a user has permission to view and work with tasks, as determined by privileges in
EXAMPLE UserAdmin™. Available only when a task is not already assigned. Picking up a task assigns the task
to the user who picks it up.
•Complete – Available only if a user has permission to view and work with tasks, as determined by privileges in
EXAMPLE UserAdmin™. Available only when a task is assigned to the user. Marking a task as complete sets the
state of the task to Completed .
•Decline – Available only if a user has permission to decline the task, as determined by privileges in EXAMPLE
UserAdmin™. Declining a task sets the state of the task to Closed , with a reason of Declined .
•Edit – All users can add notes. A user to whom a task is assigned can also edit the due date. A user who created
a task can edit the title, category, and description.
•Send to Queue – Available only when a task is assigned to the user. Sending a task back to the queue moves
the task back into an unassigned state within its queue.
•Reassign – Available only if a user has permission to reassign, as determined by privileges in EXAMPLE
UserAdmin™. This action allows the user to select a new queue and (if desired) a new assignee.
•Delete the task – Available only if a user has permission to delete the task, as determined by privileges in
EXAMPLE UserAdmin™. This action marks the task for deletion. The task is not deleted until the associated
policy is purged from the database.
In addition, users who have attachment privileges and have created or been assigned a task can add and delete
attachments from that task.
The Task Details page appears as follows:
21 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

The Task Details page is controlled by the Task Detail ManuScript. If desired, carriers can use the out-of-the-box Task
Detail ManuScript, or they can modify their implementation to use a custom Task Detail ManuScript.
For instructions on using a custom Task Detail ManuScript or customizing the out-of-the-box Task Detail ManuScript,
seeCustomizing the Task Detail ManuScript . For information about system ManuScripts in general, see System
ManuScripts .
Notes
The Notes page allows users to view all notes associated with a given policy or quote. Notes are linked to the history
image of a given policy. For a group of notes from particular transactions or notes created while the policy was in the
quoting phase, users can view the following:
•The order in which the notes were entered based on creation date
•The state of the policy when the note was entered
•The transactions the notes apply to
This allows users to locate a specific transaction or point in the policy lifecycle and see which notes applied. Users can
also view a specific endorsement and the applicable notes.
Out of the box, the Notes page appears as follows:
22 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

From the Notes page, users can:
Function Description
Filter
notes
viewIn the View notes dropdown on the Notes page or on the Policy Details page, users have the following
options to filter the notes they wish to view:
•View all notes (default)
•View my notes
•View deleted notes
View
note In the list of notes for a given quote or policy, click View
 . When a user views an existing note, the
note text and Internal Only checkbox appear as read-only. Once saved, a note cannot be edited.
Users must have the Security Level CarrierAdmin (SecLevel_CarrierAdmin) or Security Level
CarrierUser (SecLevel_Underwriter) security level with the entity associated to the policy to
view Internal Only notes.
23 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Delete
In the list of notes for a given quote or policy, click Delete
 . This will remove the note from the
users list and set the status to Mark for Delete in the database. Deleting a note will not remove the it
from the database.
Users must have the Security Level CarrierAdmin (SecLevel_CarrierAdmin) security level to
delete a note. The delete icon will not display for other users.
In addition to viewing notes from the Notes page, users can add and view notes associated with a specific policy from
the Policy Details page. For information about additional functionality Policy Details page and its notes section, see
Policy Details . For general information about customizing EXAMPLE Express ®pages, see Customizing EXAMPLE
Express ®Skins .
Batch Reports
The Batch Reports page provides the ability to view results of batch processes performed by the system. Users can
drill down into individual batch reports and view the policies or notifications involved in a particular batch process, and
whether the actions performed on each policy or notification succeeded or failed. From this page, EXAMPLE Express ®
users can open any policy or notification listed and perform any necessary actions.
When viewing a batch report for policies, the user can only see those policies for which he or she has the
ViewQuotes privilege.
The Batch Reports page can be customized. For general information on customizing out-of-the-box EXAMPLE
Express ®pages, see Customizing EXAMPLE Express ®Skins .
Search
EXAMPLE Express ®provides two types of searches for clients, quotes, and policies: a Quick Search feature available
from anywhere in the system, and a more advanced Search page.
Both the Quick Search feature and the Search page can be customized. For information, see Customizing Search
Options . For general information on customizing out-of-the-box EXAMPLE Express ®pages, see Customizing
EXAMPLE Express ®Skins .
Quick Search
The Quick Search feature is available from anywhere in the system and allows users to search for policies and quotes
by policy or quote number, or for clients by client name or phone number. When searching by policy or quote number
or by client name, users can enter any part of the policy/quote number or client name. When searching by phone
number, users must enter the entire number.
When searching for a policy or quote, the search results will include policies and quotes from all entities where the user
has the ViewQuotes privilege. When searching for a client, the search results will include all clients from all entities
where the user has the ViewClients privilege and where the client has a quote for an entity to which the user belongs.
The Quick Search feature appears as follows:
24 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Search Page
The Search page provides the ability to search for clients, policies, and quotes using a variety of search options.
When searching for a policy or quote, the search results will include policies and quotes from all entities
where the user has the ViewQuotes privilege. When searching for a client, the search results will include all
clients from all entities where the user has the ViewClients privilege and where the client has a quote for an
entity to which the user belongs.
Out of the box, the Search page appears as follows:
If the Specific Policies and Quotes option or Specific Clients option is selected, the search page expands to allow
the user to enter specific search criteria.
25 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Out of the box, the search page contains the following options.
Item Description
I'm
looking
forSpecifies whether to search for policies and quotes or for clients, and whether to list all policies/quotes
or clients, or whether to return specific policies/quotes or clients.
I want to
search
bySpecifies search criteria. Appears only if searching for specified policies, quotes, or clients.
Search
in
(optional)Entity to search. This list contains only entities at which the user has the ViewQuotes privilege (when
searching for quotes and policies) or the ViewClients privilege (when searching for clients). If an entity
is specified, the search results will include only quotes/ policies or clients for that entity. Appears only if
searching for specified policies, quotes, or clients.
Out of the box, users with access to 15 or fewer agencies can select the desired agency from
a list. For users with access to more than 15 agencies, users can click the Select an Agency
link to view the list of agencies in a paginated table the user can filter and sort. You can
customize the number of agencies required for the list to be displayed in a table by modifying
theSelectAgencyLimit configuration setting in the Express\Web.config file. For more
information about this configuration setting, see SelectAgencyLimit .
Include
previous
terms
(optional)(Policies and quotes only) Indicates whether to search previous policy terms when searching for
policies and quotes by policy/quote number. Appears only if searching for specified policies or quotes.
26 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Include
deleted
(optional)Indicates whether to search deleted policies and quotes or clients. Appears only if searching for
specified policies, quotes, or clients.
Out of the box, the Policy/quote number option searches the PolicyNumber column in the Quote table.
When both andandoroperators are used in a search, andoperators take precedence over oroperators. For
example, if using the following criteria to search for a policy:
Client Name contains Smith AND
Address is 4659 W. Brookside OR
Address is 1544 Birmingham Dr.
The system will return the following policies:
1. All policies with a client name that contains the text Smith and an address of 4659 W. Brookside.
2. All policies with an address of 1544 Birmingham Dr.
Policy Pages
Users can view and work with individual quotes and policies through a series of quote and policy pages in EXAMPLE
Express ®. Users can access these pages if they have the ViewQuotes privilege assigned at the entity with which a
given policy is associated. These pages include:
•Policy data pages – Users can view and work with quote and policy data through pages defined by product
ManuScripts created in EXAMPLE Author ®. For more information about these pages, see Policy Data .
•Policy Details page – Users can view general details about a quote or policy, including client information,
effective and expiration dates, agency and producer information, tasks and notifications associated with the quote
or policy, and any documents attached to the quote or policy. For more information about the Policy Details page,
seePolicy Details .
•Create Policy Documents page – Users can generate and print new quote or policy documents from this page.
For more information about the Policy Documents page, see Create Policy Documents .
With EXAMPLE TransACT ®, users can also view a page that displays a policy's transaction history, including any
transactions that have been completed or are pending on the policy. Users can also view details of existing
transactions and perform new transactions on the policy. For more information about this page and others in
EXAMPLE TransACT ®, see the EXAMPLE TransACT® 2.1 Overview .
Policy Data
Users can view and work with quote and policy data through pages defined by product ManuScripts created in
EXAMPLE Author ®. These pages are controlled by ManuScript logic but are viewed through EXAMPLE Express ®.
The following is an example of a policy data page.
27 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Quote and policy pages are accessed by:
•Clicking the quote or policy number for a given quote or policy in the Recently Accessed list on the Policy
Administration Dashboard.
•Clicking the View Policy button
 for a given quote or policy on the Client Information page for a given client or
on the Search page.
•Clicking View Policy in the left panel any time a quote or policy is open.
The content and appearance of the product pages through which policies are viewed is completely customizable
through EXAMPLE ManuScripts™.
Policy Details
On the Policy Details page, users assigned viewing privileges at the associated entity can view general details about a
quote or policy, including:
•Client information (name, phone number, address)
•Policy information (policy number, line of business, effective and expiration dates)
•Agency and producer names
In addition, the Policy Details page includes:
28 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•Tasks – Users can only see tasks assigned to them or to their task queues.
•Notifications – Users can see notifications if they have the ViewNotification privilege at the entity with which the
policy is associated.
•Documents – All users who can view a policy's details can view documents attached to that policy.
Out of the box, the Policy Details page appears as follows:
The Policy Details page for a given quote or policy can be accessed by:
29 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•Clicking the View Policy Details button
 for that quote or policy on the Client Information page for a given
client or on the Search page.
•Clicking View Policy Details in the left panel any time a quote or policy is open.
The Policy Details page can be customized. For general information on customizing out-of-the-box EXAMPLE
Express ®pages, see Customizing EXAMPLE Express ®Skins .
Create Policy Documents
On the Create Policy Documents page, users can generate quote or policy documents. They can print or save the
documents, and—if desired—attach them to the quote or policy on the Policy Details page.
Out of the box, the Create Policy Documents page appears as follows:
The Create Policy Documents page for a given quote or policy can be accessed by clicking Create Policy Documents
in the left panel any time a quote or policy is open. The Create Policy Documents page can be customized. For general
information on customizing out-of-the-box EXAMPLE Express ®pages, see Customizing EXAMPLE Express ®Skins .
Client Pages
Users can view and work with individual clients through a series of client pages in EXAMPLE Express ®. Users can
view and access these pages if they have the ViewClients privilege assigned at the entity with which the client is
associated. These pages include:
•Client Information page – Users can view client information, including contact information and a list of the
client's portfolios, policies, and quotes. Users can also access the client's policies and quotes from this page. For
more information about the Client Information page, see Client Information .
30 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•Client Details page – Users can drill down into additional client details. As a ManuScript-driven page, this page
can be easily customized. For more information about the Client Details page, see Client Details .
Client Information
Users can view client information and access a client's policies and quotes from the Client Information page. This page
will display all quotes and policies from all entities where the user has the ViewQuotes privilege. Out of the box, the
Client Information page appears as follows:
The Client Information page for a given client can be accessed by clicking the client name on the Search page, or by
clicking the client name in the Recently Accessed section of the Policy Administration Dashboard. This page can be
customized. For general information on customizing out-of-the-box EXAMPLE Express ®pages, see Customizing
EXAMPLE Express ®Skins .
Client Details
From the Client Information page, users can drill down into additional client details. The Client Details page is a
ManuScript-driven page that can collect and display any number of client details. Using a customized Client Detail
ManuScript, Carriers can define advanced editing and business rules.
This ManuScript can be easily customized. For instructions on customizing the Client Detail ManuScript, see
Configuring a Client Detail ManuScript . For information about system ManuScripts in general, see System
ManuScripts .
New Quote
The EXAMPLE Express ®policy administration interface provides the following methods for starting a new quote:
•Clicking New Quote in the upper right corner of the application – This method allows users to easily start a
new quote from anywhere in the application.
31 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•Using the New Quote home page module – This method allows new and infrequent users to easily see where
and how to start a new quote.
•Starting a new quote from the Client Information page – This method allows users to start a new quote for an
existing client, without having to re-enter certain client information.
•Duplicating an existing quote or policy – This method allows users to create a quote very quickly by
duplicating information in another quote and then making the desired changes.
When starting a new quote from the New Quote action in the main navigation, from the home page module, or from
the Client Information page, users are presented with the ability to select the appropriate product before starting the
quote. Out of the box, EXAMPLE Express ®uses a Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. New Quote Selection ManuScript for
this process. The out-of-the-box New Quote Selection ManuScript presents two unique experiences for starting a
quote: a basic process for agents, and an extended process for carrier users such as underwriters and managers. (Out
of the box, these two processes are identical, but carriers can customize each process as desired to meet their unique
needs.)
Out of the box, the New Quote Selection ManuScript appears as follows.
Out of the box, the New Quote page contains the following fields.
Field Description
Agency Specifies the entity with which to associate the quote. This list only includes entities that are not Task
Queue entities and at which the user has the CreateQuotes privilege.
Producer Specifies the producer with which to associate the quote. This list only includes producers at the
specified agency.
Product Specifies which product to quote. This list includes all lines of business specified in EXAMPLE
UserAdmin™ for the selected agency.
If desired, carriers can use the out-of-the-box New Quote Selection ManuScript, or they can modify their
implementation to use a custom New Quote Selection ManuScript. If desired, carriers can also use an EXAMPLE
Express ®system page (or a set of system pages) to help users start the new quote process.
For instructions on customizing EXAMPLE Express ®to use a custom ManuScript for this page, see Configuring a New
Quote Selection ManuScript . For instructions on customizing EXAMPLE Express ®to use system pages for this page,
32 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

seeUsing New Quote Selection System Pages . For more information about system ManuScripts in general, see
System ManuScripts .
Pitney Bowes Address Verification
Pitney Bowes Address Verification allows users to send a single address to the Pitney Bowes data service for
verification and to receive a response that includes latitude, longitude, validated address, percentage of confidence in
the match, and a match code.
All requests receive a date and time stamp, and the user has the option to accept the Pitney Bowes' verified address or
reject it and use the original address for quotation purposes. Optionally, Pitney Bowes Address Verification can be set
up as a requirement for all addresses, so that only verified addresses can be used when binding a policy.
For more information, see:
•Setting Up Pitney Bowes Address Verification
•Working with Addresses
Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar
Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar is available in EXAMPLE Express ®to allow users with appropriate permissions to
view, create, or delete notes and attachments related to the policy or quote currently displayed in the main window.
The toolbar appears attached to the bottom of your browser window on top of the EXAMPLE Express ®screen.
Previously, the user had to navigate away from their current page in EXAMPLE Express ®and view the Policy Details
page to access this information. Now, the Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar provides a toolbar at the bottom of the
browser window that allows users to access Attachments and Notes (to which they have permission) without leaving
the page they are on.
33 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

For more information, see:
•Setting up Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar
•Working with Notes
•Working with Attachments
Consumer Access Interface
EXAMPLE Express ®provides an out-of-the-box consumer access screen that allows consumers to access their
policies and quotes online. Carriers can integrate this screen with custom ManuScripts, their own billing system, and
their own web site to create a complete Consumer Access experience.
The account summary page can be used for policyholders or for prospective customers who have multiple quotes in
the system. This page is controlled by the Consumer Dashboard ManuScript. If desired, carriers can use the out-of-
the-box Consumer Dashboard ManuScript, or they can modify their implementation to use a custom Consumer
Dashboard ManuScript.
From the account summary page, policyholders can:
34 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•View and access their quotes and policies
•Start new quotes
•Update account information (username and password)
•Update billing and contact information
•Update policy information (perform endorsements)
•View and print quote and policy documents
From the account summary page, prospective customers can:
•View and access their quotes
•Start new quotes
•View and print quote documents
For more information about the Consumer Access feature, see Consumer Access in the EXAMPLE Platform® .
Database Management Tools
The quotes and policies that users create and work with in EXAMPLE Express ®are stored in the ExampleData
database. System administrators can perform database maintenance related to these quotes and policies using
EXAMPLE UserAdmin™. In EXAMPLE UserAdmin™, administrators can:
•Manage quote and policy number blocks — With the Number Blocks tool, administrators can add, delete, and
update quote and policy number blocks in the system.
•Delete quotes —With the Old Quotes Deletion tool, administrators can select quotes to delete by date range.
Quotes that have been marked for deletion remain in the system until erased with the Purge tool.
•Purge database records — With the Purge tool, administrators can permanently remove quotes and policies
that have been marked for deletion from the database.
•Move policies between agencies — With the Move Policies tool, administrators can reassign policies from one
entity to another.
For more information about the database management tools in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™, see the EXAMPLE
UserAdmin™ User Guide .
Portfolio
The Portfolio feature offers agents and underwriters the ability to easily view, update, and perform simultaneous
transactions on a client's quotes and policies. Designed to work with product ManuScripts, portfolios present a
consolidated view of a customer's associated quotes and policies. Functionally, a portfolio enables transaction
events and business rules to be applied to sets of associated information.
Using Portfolio, users may:
•View an at-a-glance presentation of all quotes and policies for a customer's account
•Easily enter or update information shared across multiple quotes and policies
•Perform simultaneous transactions on multiple policies
•Print portfolio policy packages with a consolidated billing page for all coverages
•Apply discount credits for multiple policies
For more information about the Portfolio feature, see Portfolio in the EXAMPLE Platform® .
35 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Security
EXAMPLE Express ®security is controlled through authentication (provided through any of five authentication
methods available for the EXAMPLE Platform ®) and authorization (provided through EXAMPLE UserAdmin™).
Authentication
Authentication is the process that determines whether a user can access the EXAMPLE Platform ®. The
EXAMPLE Express ®application does not authenticate users itself, but instead can use any of the following five
authentication methods:
•EXAMPLE Authentication Server™
•Database authentication
•Windows authentication
•Mixed mode authentication (combines database and Windows authentication)
•Third party authentication
EXAMPLE Express ®can be configured to accommodate single sign-on through some of these methods. For
more information about EXAMPLE Platform ®authentication, single sign-on options, and how to set up each
authentication method, see the EXAMPLE Authentication Server™ User Guide .
Authorization
Authorization is the process that determines what actions a user can perform in the EXAMPLE Platform ®.
EXAMPLE Express ®authorization is controlled through EXAMPLE UserAdmin™, a powerful, easy-to-use tool
that allows carriers to organize access permissions according to their distinct organizational needs. EXAMPLE
UserAdmin™ provides role-based security for EXAMPLE Express ®by allowing administrators to assign system
privileges and product permissions to users based on their association with one or more entities within a
carrier's corporate hierarchy. Administrators can grant system and custom privileges to users through the
assignment of specified roles (underwriter, agent, administrator, etc.) that are specific to each entity.
EXAMPLE Express ®permissions that can be controlled by EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ include:
•Which items (policies and quotes, clients, etc.) users can see in the system
•Which actions users can perform in the system
•Which products an entity's users can access
EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ also provides the ability to specify custom privileges that can be used by EXAMPLE
ManuScripts™ to control properties of individual fields (visibility, limits, defaults, options, workflow, etc.)
according to the identity of the current user.
For more information about the security provided through EXAMPLE UserAdmin™, see the EXAMPLE
UserAdmin™ Overview or the EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ User Guide .
Though EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ privileges control the actions users can perform on the EXAMPLE
Platform ®, the pages and features that actually display for each user are controlled through EXAMPLE
Express ®configuration and skins files. When configuring the EXAMPLE Platform ®, determine what the
EXAMPLE Express ®display needs are for your users, then modify the EXAMPLE Express ®configuration files
and skins to display those features as appropriate for each role you have defined in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™.
36 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

For instructions on modifying EXAMPLE Express ®for each role, see Customizing the EXAMPLE Express®
Experience .
Out-of-the-Box Roles
EXAMPLE Express ®is shipped with four sample roles. Each role has a unique set of permissions and dashboard
configurations. The following table provides a description of each role's privileges in EXAMPLE Express ®(defined in
EXAMPLE UserAdmin™) and a description of the Policy Administration Dashboard for each role (defined in the
ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file in the Global Root Directory\Express\App_Data directory).
Role EXAMPLE Express ®Privileges Policy Administration Dashboard
Agent •View and update quotes and policies, and
create quotes
•View and update client information, and
create clients
•View and update portfolio information, and
create portfolios
•View and create notifications
•Create and work with tasks, and close and
delete tasks created or owned by the
agent
•Add and remove attachments•New Quote module — Agents can select the
appropriate product and start a quote.
•Last Accessed module — Contains the last
five quotes or policies accessed.
•Notifications module — Contains the last five
notifications received.
•Tasks module — Contains assigned tasks
due this week.
Underwriter
Assistant•View and update quotes and policies, and
create quotes
•View and update client information, and
create clients
•View and update portfolio information, and
create portfolios
•View and create notifications
•Create and work with tasks, and close and
delete tasks created or owned by the
underwriter assistant
•Add and remove attachments•New Quote module — Assistants can select
the appropriate agency, producer, and product
and start a quote.
•Last Accessed module — Contains the last
five quotes or policies accessed.
•Notifications module — Contains the last five
notifications received.
•Tasks module — Contains assigned tasks
due today.
37 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Underwriter •View and update quotes and policies, and
create quotes
•View and update client information, and
create clients
•View and update portfolio information, and
create portfolios
•View and create notifications
•Create and work with tasks, and close and
delete tasks created or owned by the
underwriter
•Add and remove attachments•Last Accessed module — Contains the last
five quotes or policies accessed.
•Notifications module — Contains the last five
notifications received.
•Tasks module — Contains assigned tasks
due today.
Underwriter
Manager•View and update quotes and policies, and
create quotes
•View and update client information, and
create clients
•View and update portfolio information, and
create portfolios
•View and create notifications
•Create and work with tasks, assign tasks,
and close and delete any task
•Add and remove attachments•Last Accessed module — Contains the last
five quotes or policies accessed.
•Notifications module — Contains the last five
notifications received.
•Tasks module — Contains assigned tasks
due today.
OnDemand Framework
EXAMPLE Express ®uses the OnDemand Framework to facilitate extensions to the application layer. This framework
allows customers to extend and customize EXAMPLE Express ®in a way that facilitates easy adoption of Duck Creek
Technologies, Inc. updates without overwriting their extensions and customizations.
The OnDemand Framework uses a factory model to specify the objects that handle various parts of the system. This
model allows users to extend the framework without changing original framework code. Using the assembly loading
facilities of the Microsoft .NET framework and reflection, customers can extend the ContentMap.xml,
PostActionMap.xml, and ApplicationLayoutMap.xml files as desired.
Three mapping files define the out-of-the-box content of the OnDemand Framework:
•ContentMap.xml — Defines content pages.
•PostActionMap.xml — Defines Express Actions that users can perform.
•ApplicationLayoutMap.xml — Defines navigation elements and dashboard pages for different types of users.
The flow of the OnDemand Framework—which begins when a user does anything in EXAMPLE Express ®that triggers
a post to the OnDemand Framework—is as follows:
1.The system authenticates the request.
38 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

2.The system processes the requested Express Action (if any). If an Express Action is specified, the _submitAction
HTML form field must contain the name of the action to process. If the _submitAction field is blank or not found,
no Express Action is performed.
3.The system develops the requested content. The _targetPage HTML form field must contain the desired content
page. At times, the _submitAction may override the _targetPage. If no _targetPage is specified, the last visited
_targetPage is used.
4.The system builds navigation elements based on the requested content.
5.The system uses an XSLT file to transform the requested content into HTML for output to the browser.
Steps 2, 3, and 4 use the map files listed above. EXAMPLE Express ®uses these map files to determine which code to
use to process each request. The configured class is instantiated so the request can process the activities.
In addition to the out-of-the-box map files, customers can use their own custom map files. To support custom map
definitions, any .xml file in the directories specified by the ContentFactory ,PostActionFactory , and
ApplicationLayoutFactory configuration settings in the Express\Web.config file with a name that includes the word
custom and the text also specified in those settings (out of the box, this is ContentMap ,PostActionMap, or
ApplicationLayoutMap ) will load into EXAMPLE Express ®as map files. (For example: CustomContentMap.xml .)
Custom map files should adhere to the following naming convention: Custom[MapFile].xml , where [MapFile]
is the text specified in the appropriate Express\Web.config setting (e.g., ContentMap, PostActionMap,
ApplicationLayoutMap). The [MapFile]*.xml convention is reserved for Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. use
only. If you have migrated your custom map files from a previous version of the EXAMPLE Platform ®to
EXAMPLE Platform ®4.0, Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. recommends that you apply the
Custom[MapFile].xml naming convention to your custom map files.
The system loads map files in the following order:
1.[MapFile].xml
2.[MapFile]*.xml
3.Custom[MapFile].xml
For more information on customizing the OnDemand Framework, see the following topics:
•ContentMap.xml —Adding Custom Pages
•PostActionMap.xml —Adding Custom Express Actions
•ApplicationLayoutMap.xml —Customizing the EXAMPLE Express® Experience
ContentMap.xml
The ContentMap.xml file contains a list of all content pages that EXAMPLE Express ®may process. Each <content>
entry is identified by a unique name that specifies the content to be processed when that content is requested. The
OnDemand Framework creates a new instance of the specified class for the requested content item. Each
implementation may provide a unique assembly and class for each named content and add any additional content
needed. The custom content classes must inherit from the DuckCreek.OnDemand.ContentPage class found in the
DuckCreek.OnDemandLib assembly and must override the Process() method:
public override void Process(PageState state,
System.Collections.Specialized.NameValueCollection requestForm)
Each content page must have an .xsl file of the same name in the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \xsl
directory. The XSLT uses this file to build the content page.
39 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

The following is an excerpt from a ContentMap.xml file:
<contentMap>
<content name="admin" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.ContentAdmin" menu="" useXmlPage="false" loadCache="1"/>
<content name="adminDetail" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.ContentAdminDetailEdit" menu="" useXmlPage="false"
loadCache="1"/>
<content name="messages" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.ContentMessages" menu="" useXmlPage="false"
loadCache="1"/>
<content name="message" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.ContentMessage" menu="" useXmlPage="false"
loadCache="1"/>
<content name="messageNew" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.ContentMessageNew" menu="" useXmlPage="false"
loadCache="1"/>
<content name="messageUserList" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.ContentMessageUserList" menu="" useXmlPage="false"
responseType="text/xml" loadCache="1"/>
<content name="messageDetail" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.ContentMessage" menu="" useXmlPage="false"
loadCache="1"/>
<content name="client" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.ContentClient" menu="" useXmlPage="false" loadCache="1"/>
<content name="clientInfo" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.ContentClient" menu="" useXmlPage="false" loadCache="1"/>
</contentMap>
Any .xml file in the directory specified by the ContentFactory configuration setting in the Express\Web.config
file with a name that includes the word custom and the text also specified in that setting (out of the box, this is
ContentMap ) will load into EXAMPLE Express ®as a map file containing content functions. For more
information, see Adding Custom Pages .
For information about customizing the ContentMap.xml file, see Adding Custom Pages .
PostActionMap.xml
The PostActionMap.xml file contains a list of all Express Actions available in EXAMPLE Express ®. Each <action> entry
is identified by a unique name that specifies the action to be processed when that action is requested. The OnDemand
Framework creates a new instance of the specified class for the requested action item. Each implementation may
provide a unique assembly and class for each named action and add any additional actions necessary. The custom
action classes must inherit from the DuckCreek.OnDemand.PostAction class found in the DuckCreek.OnDemandLib
assembly and must override the Process() method:
public override void Process(PageState state,
System.Collections.Specialized.NameValueCollection requestForm)
The following is an excerpt from a PostActionMap.xml file:
<actionMap>
<action name="login" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.PostLoginGuest" />
40 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

<action name="loginGuest" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.PostLoginGuest" />
<action name="switchUser" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.PostSwitchUser" />
<action name="load" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.PostLoadQuote" />
<action name="newQuote" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.PostNewQuote" />
<action name="save" assembly="DuckCreek.dctPASLibrary.DLL"
typeName="DuckCreek.OnDemand.PostSaveQuote" />
</actionMap>
Any .xml file in the directory specified by the PostActionFactory configuration setting in the
Express\Web.config file with a name that includes the word custom and the text also specified in that setting
(out of the box, this is PostActionMap ) will load into EXAMPLE Express ®as a map file containing Express
Actions. For more information, see Adding Custom Express Actions .
For information about customizing the PostActionMap.xml file, see Adding Custom Express Actions .
ApplicationLayoutMap.xml
The ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file contains all navigation elements and dashboard pages for each type of user.
Out of the box, the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file defines navigation elements and dashboard pages for the following
groups of users:
•Agent
•Underwriter Assistant
•Underwriter/Underwriter Manager
The following is an excerpt from an ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file:
<applicationLayoutRoot>
<applicationLayout id="AgentPAS" caption="Policy" roles="Agent" image="Nav/
topNavPolicy.gif" application="PAS" default="1">
<menu name="PAS" startPage="dashboardHome">
<menuItem id="Home" caption="Policy Dashboard" content="dashboardHome"
action="" java="submitPage" location="header" consumer="0" guest="0" login="1"
edit="0" security="15" roleBased="1" multiAgency="0" hideInPortfolio="0"/>
<menuItem id="Diary" caption="Notifications" content="messages" action=""
java="submitPage" location="header" consumer="0" guest="0" login="1" edit="0"
security="15" roleBased="1" multiAgency="0" hideInPortfolio="0"/>
<menuItem id="TaskMngmt" caption="Tasks" content="taskInfo" action=""
java="submitPage" location="header" consumer="0" guest="0" login="1" edit="0"
security="15" roleBased="1" multiAgency="0" hideInPortfolio="0">
</menuItem>
<menuItem id="Batch" caption="Batch Reports" content="batchProcess" action=""
java="submitPage" location="header" consumer="0" guest="0" login="1" edit="0"
security="15" roleBased="1" multiAgency="0" hideInPortfolio="0">
<menu name="Default" portal="PAS">
<menuItem id="BatchPolicy" caption="Batch Policy" content="batchPolicy"
action="" java="batchSelectTab" location="header" consumer="0" guest="0" login="1"
41 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

edit="0" security="15" roleBased="1" multiAgency="0"/>
<menuItem id="BatchMessage" caption="Batch Notification"
content="batchMessage" action="" java="batchSelectTab" location="header" consumer="0"
guest="0" login="1" edit="0" security="15" roleBased="1" multiAgency="0"/>
</menu>
</menuItem>
<menuItem id="Search" caption="Search" content="search" action=""
java="submitPage" location="header" consumer="0" guest="0" login="1" edit="0"
security="15" roleBased="1" multiAgency="0" hideInPortfolio="0"/>
<menuItem id="Save" caption="Save Quote/Policy" content="" action="save"
java="submitAction" location="actions" consumer="1" guest="0" login="1" edit="2"
security="15" roleBased="1" multiAgency="0" hideInPortfolio="0"/>
<menuItem id="Print" caption="Create Policy Documents" content="print"
action="" java="submitPage" location="actions" consumer="0" guest="0" login="1"
edit="2" security="15" roleBased="1" multiAgency="0" hideInPortfolio="1"/>
<menuItem id="New" caption="New Quote" content="newBasic" height="400"
width="400" action="" java="submitPage" location="special" consumer="0" guest="0"
login="1" edit="0" security="15" roleBased="1" multiAgency="0" hideInPortfolio="0"/>
<menuItem id="LogOut" image="blank.gif" caption="Logout" content="logout"
action="" java="submitPage" location="product" consumer="1" guest="1" login="1"
edit="0" security="0" roleBased="1" multiAgency="0" hideInPortfolio="0"/>
<menuItem id="Password" caption="Change Password" content="admin" action=""
java="submitPage" location="logonOptions" consumer="1" guest="0" login="1" edit="0"
security="15" roleBased="2" multiAgency="0" hideInPortfolio="0"/>
</menu>
<pageLayout id="dashboardHome">
<zone>
<column width=".31">
<module id="newQuote" title="New Quote" content="new" collapsed="0">
<attribute name="_ManuScriptPageSet" value="Basic"/>
<attribute name="_ManuScriptPage" value="Basic"/>
</module>
<module id="mruQuote" title="Recently Accessed" content="mru" collapsed="1">
<attribute name="pageSize" value="10"/>
</module>
</column>
<column width=".69">
<module id="notifications" content="messages" title="Notifications"
collapsed="0">
<attribute name="_displayCount" value="5"/>
<attribute name="_showBody" value="1"/>
<attribute name="_callbackForList" value="0"/>
</module>
<module id="taskQueue" title="Tasks" content="tasks" collapsed="1">
<attribute name="_queryFilterSubset" value="QueueAssigned"/>
<attribute name="_keynameQueueAssigned" value="TaskStatusCode"/>
<attribute name="_keyvalueQueueAssigned" value="OPN"/>
<attribute name="_keyopQueueAssigned" value="eq"/>
<attribute name="_keyconnectorQueueAssigned" value=""/>
<attribute name="_showFilter" value="DueToday"/>
<attribute name="start" value="0"/>
42 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

<attribute name="limit" value="100"/>
<attribute name="_entityId" value=""/>
</module>
</column>
</zone>
</pageLayout>
</applicationLayout>
</applicationLayoutRoot>
Any .xml file in the directory specified by the ApplicationLayoutFactory configuration setting in the
Express\Web.config file with a name that includes the word custom and the text also specified in that setting
(out of the box, this is ApplicationLayoutMap ) will load into EXAMPLE Express ®as a map file containing
application layout information. For more information, see Customizing ApplicationLayoutMap.xml .
For information about customizing the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file, see Customizing ApplicationLayoutMap.xml .
EXAMPLE Express® Skins
The content, behavior, and look and feel of EXAMPLE Express ®can be customized through EXAMPLE Express ®
skins. EXAMPLE Express ®skins are composed of .xsl, .css, .xml, custom .js files, and open source JavaScript
frameworks. Carriers can customize the appearance and behavior of EXAMPLE Express ®by overriding files in the
DCTCore (Avant Garde skins) and DCTBase (Avant Garde 2 skins) directories. Customizations can include:
•Changing the look and feel of EXAMPLE Express ®
•Adding custom pages
•Overriding core behavior
•Adding additional JavaScript
•Changing certain HTML features, such as the browser title bar, meta tags, and HTML footer text
For instructions on customizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins, see Customizing EXAMPLE Express ®Skins .
Avant Garde
The Avant Garde skins delivered with EXAMPLE Platform ®4.0.0 provide users with some great new features in
EXAMPLE Express ®including:
•A new task system
•Dashboard home page capabilities
•Enhanced search capabilities
•Improved New Quote process
•Notifications
The table below describes the major differences that exist between Lila-based (3.x line) and AvantGarde-based (4.x
line) skins.
Difference Description
Look and feel Out-of-the-box Lila-based skins provide a different look and feel than out-of-the-box AvantGarde-
based skins, with different color schemes, images, layouts, and text.
43 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Policy
Administration
DashboardOut-of-the-box Lila-based skins do not support a role-based dashboard. Instead, Lila-based skins
include a Home page that displays the five most recently accessed quotes and policies.
Task system Out-of-the-box Lila-based skins do not support the task system available with AvantGarde-based
skins.
Notification
system
(message
system)Out-of-the-box Lila-based skins use a message and diary system instead of a notification system.
Out of the box, Lila-based skins provide the ability to send, receive, and reply to messages, and to
create messages (diary items) that can be attached to clients or policies.
Search
functionalityOut-of-the-box Lila-based skins do not incorporate the Quick Search feature available with
AvantGarde-based skins. In addition, Lila-based skins use an Open page and a Client page to
view and search for policies and clients (respectively), rather than a single search page.
For more information, see Customizing Skins .
Directory Structure
The Avant Garde skin includes an entirely new directory structure, designed to make managing your skin files easier
than ever.
The following table illustrates the directory structure of the Avant Garde skin.
Directory Description
DCTCore
scripts JavaScript to be maintained and updated by Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. This directory contains
core functionality that should not be customized.
xsl XSL to be maintained and updated by Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. This directory contains core
functionality that should not be customized.
Customizable Directory
css Customizable .css files. Files preceded by x_indicate override files to be used for CSS styles that
apply to a single page only.
images Customizable image files.
scripts Customizable JavaScript files.
Source Obsolete as of EXAMPLE Platform ®4.0.
xsl Customizable .xsl files.
44 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Avant Garde 2
EXAMPLE Platform ®4.2.2 includes the Avant Garde 2 skin, built on the AvantGarde 1 foundation. Complete with a
new directory structure, new ExtJs controls, and more, Avant Garde 2 delivers extreme ease of use and a world-class
look and feel.
The Avant Garde 2 skin includes the following significant ehnhancements:
•New directory structure – A new core set of skin files has been created to allow for easy upgrades. For more
information about the new directory structure, see Directory Structure .
•Updated ExtJs framework – Avant Garde 2 is built on the latest version of the ExtJs framework. It provides
increased performance, new controls, enhanced stability, and a complete set of entry fields, combo boxes, radio
buttons, and check boxes that has been converted to the new ExtJs framework to take full advantage of new
features such as validation edits, visual cues, and auto-filtering. EXAMPLE Platform ®users can now implement
these new controls in their system pages. For more information, see The ExtJs Framework .
•Minified JavaScript files – The EXAMPLE Platform ®now includes compressed, minified versions of the
JavaScript files to assist with performance during runtime. For more information about minified JavaScript files,
seeMinified JavaScript Files .
•One-to-one override structure – The new one-to-one file structure allows for much easier customizations. By
maintaining base and customized versions with the same file name in different directories, users can easily
compare them each time an EXAMPLE Platform ®upgrade is performed and then make any necessary changes
to the customizable files. For more information, see Customizing EXAMPLE Express ®Skins .
At no time is it necessary to modify any files in the Base directory to change the way a skin function or
layout is processed.
•Refactored JavaScript – All JavaScript has been reorganized based on function in the
DCTBase\Core\Devscripts directories, and all unused JavaScript has been removed. All EXAMPLE Platform ®
core JavaScript code is stored in the DCTBase\Core\Devscripts directories.
•Updated user input fields – User input fields have now been converted to ExtJs controls to allow user to take
advantage of visual cues such as required field indicators, validation edits, auto-filtering combo boxes, and
quicktips for dropdown lists containing content that exceeds the width of the dropdown list.
•New EXAMPLE Express ®themes – Avant Garde 2 introduces a new theme system designed to assist in
applying CSS style customizations. For more information, see Themes .
•Updates to EXAMPLE TransACT ®pages – A new Version 2 pages version of each EXAMPLE TransACT ®
page has been created for use with the Avant Garde 2 skin. When using the Avant Garde 2 skin, the ManuScript
catalog should reference the TransACTMaster2_1_0_PagesV2 ManuScript.
Directory Structure
The Avant Garde 2 skin includes an entirely new directory structure, designed to make managing your skin files easier
than ever. Much like the DCTCore directory and the Avant Garde skin, Avant Garde 2 is associated with a new
DCTBase directory. This directory contains all base JavaScript and XSL files required to make EXAMPLE Express ®
skins function correctly.
When customizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins, do not modify any files in the DCTBase or AvantGarde2
directories. All files in these directories are overwritten during upgrades. Instead, to override these files, you
45 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

must create a custom skins directory (copied from the AvantGarde2 directory) and modify the files in this
directory. For instructions on creating a custom skins directory and overriding DCTBase files, see Creating a
Custom Skins Directory andOverriding DCTBase Files .
The following table illustrates the directory structure of the Avant Garde 2 skin.
Directory Description
DCTBase (Non-Customizable)
css CSS to be maintained and updated by Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. This directory contains core
functionality that should not be customized.
images Images to be maintained and updated by Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. This directory contains core
functionality that should not be customized.
scripts JavaScript to be maintained and updated by Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. This directory contains
core functionality that should not be customized.
devscripts Devscripts to be maintained and updated by Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. Used to reference
functions that need to be overridden. This directory contains core functionality that should not be
customized.
themes Themes to be maintained and updated by Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. This directory contains core
functionality that should not be customized.
xsl XSL to be maintained and updated by Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. Used to reference files and
templates that need to be overridden.This directory contains core functionality that should not be
customized.
AvantGarde2 (Customizable)
css Customizable .css files. Filenames beginning with x_indicate override files to be used for CSS styles
that apply to a single page only. By default, this directory includes the following files:
•dctExtJsOverrides.css – Used to override layouts for HTML elements instead of altering the
Ext-all.css file.
•dctExt-xtheme-blue.css – Blue theme for any of the EXAMPLE Platform ®ExtJs extensions.
•dctExt-xtheme-gray.css – Gray theme for any of the EXAMPLE Platform ®ExtJs extensions.
•ext-xtheme-blue.css – Blue theme for any of the ExtJs controls.
•ext-xtheme-gray.css – Gray theme for any of the ExtJs controls.
If a different theme is desired, you must copy one of each of the color themes and name them
accordingly.
images Customizable image files. By default, this directory includes image files used with the gray and blue
themes added during installation.
scripts Customizable JavaScript files.
46 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

themes Customizable theme files.
xsl Customizable .xsl files. Content and Common sub-directories are created during installation. Users
must create copies of any DCTBase .xsl files they wish to customize and add them to one of these
directories. All base page .xsl files are considered core files.
The ExtJs Framework
ExtJs is an open source JavaScript framework that provides rich browser controls such as calendar controls, sliders,
accordions, and grids. Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. maintains a commercial license for the framework, allowing it to
be packaged and installed with the EXAMPLE Platform ®.
For API documentation for ExtJs controls, see one of the following:
•http://www.sencha.com – Browse to this page and then navigate to the API documentation for ExtJs.
•http://dev.sencha.com/deploy/dev/docs – Browse to this page to access API documentation for the latest version
of the ExtJs framework.
For archived versions of API documentation, browse to http://www.sencha.com/learn/Ext_Version_Archives .
ExtJs Controls
The following ExtJs controls are supported by the EXAMPLE Platform ®:
ExtJs
ControlDescription
Dashboard
portal
widgetsPortal pages are the dashboard pages for Duck Creek Billing™ and EXAMPLE Express ®. They are
the main home pages that users are directed to when they initially log in. Portlets are the small
sections built on each page to give the user quick access to information for the product.
47 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Grid
widgetsThe following grids and grid features are available for use with the Avant Garde 2 skin:
•Array –Array grids do not have any paging function. All of the data for the grid appears when
the page initially displays.
•Paging – Paging grids display a portion of the overall data to limit how much the user can view at
one time. By default, most pages only display 20 items at a time. The user can view additional
information by selecting the next page or specifying the page they would like to view. Paging
grids go back and retrieve data once the initial page displays.
•Editable – The EXAMPLE Platform ®uses editable grids for interview pages to allows the user to
click a cell within the row to modify the data. Once the data is modified, the updated information
is stored.
•Column Filtering – Column filters are used primarily by Duck Creek Billing™ and are only
available for paging grids. They allow users to filter lists of data based on the column. To enable
this feature, the user must click the header for the column and then select column filtering.
Column filtering can be based on strings, dates, or lists of items.
•Grouping – Groupings are used with Duck Creek Billing™ to allow grids to group similar rows
together and organize the data for the user. For example, a user may wish to group the changes
to a policy term together.
Column
tree
widgetsColumn tree widgets are only used within Duck Creek Billing™ to display an installment schedule.
This widget looks like a directory structure to help organize information for the user.
Popup
widgetsPopup widgets are used throughout the EXAMPLE Platform ®. A couple of uses for popup widgets
include:
•Modal popups used within the interview pages.
•Popups to capture user information, such as notes for Duck Creek Billing™.
Accordion
panelsAccordion panels allow multiple sections to be grouped together. With accordion panels, only one
section can be open at a time.
Collapsible
panelsCollapsible panels are used in:
•Duck Creek Billing™ in the navigation area to display high-level information for the account. They
allow sections to be open or closed based on the user preference.
•EXAMPLE Express ®to make sections within the interview pages collapsible.
Sliders Sliders are widgets that allow the user to slide a bar back and forth to increase or decrease some
value.
QuickTips QuickTips are small popup windows (usually attached to headers and lables) that display helpful
information about an item on the page. Annotation hover help is an example of a QuickTip.
Charts Chart widgets allow data to be displayed in various types of charts. Currently, the EXAMPLE
Platform ®supports the use of pie charts, line charts, and bar charts.
48 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Minified JavaScript Files
Avant Garde 2 skins include new compressed and minified JavaScript files to help boost performance during runtime.
Two versions of each JavaScript file are added during installation:
•Minified – Compressed version of the JavaScript file used at runtime (for example, Dct-base.js).
•Debug – Debug version of the JavaScript file that allows skin developers to debug a given JavaScript file (for
example, Dct-base-debug.js). Debug files are created with the files located in the DCTBase\Core\devscript
directory.
To enable debug mode, ensure that the value of the debugMode configuration setting in the
Express\Web.config file is set to a positive integer.
Custom Styles and Format Masks
In general, the look and feel of EXAMPLE Express ®should be governed by general style rules defined in the
EXAMPLE Express ®skins. At times, however, the appearance of specific page elements may depend upon criteria
specified in a ManuScript. To accommodate this, ManuScripts allow you to apply custom styles and format masks to
page elements. These custom styles and format masks can be configured in the EXAMPLE Express ®skins to provide
the desired appearance and behavior.
Custom Styles
In EXAMPLE Express ®skins, carriers can define styles across the entire EXAMPLE Express ®application or across
only parts of it. If desired, carriers can also apply custom CSS styles to specific page elements in a ManuScript. These
styles are defined in a single file in the skins directory, and can be applied to individual fields and page elements in
EXAMPLE Author ®.
For information about customizing CSS styles, including custom styles for ManuScript pages, see Customizing CSS .
Format Masks
In EXAMPLE Author ®, users can apply format masks to fields. Format masks can apply to user input or display output.
To function properly, format masks must be supported in the EXAMPLE Express ®skins.
With out-of-the-box EXAMPLE Express ®skins, you can apply the following format masks to fields. In most cases, only
one format mask can be applied to any given field. If the text entered does not match the corresponding format, an
alert box informs the user that the value is invalid, and the focus is set to the offending field. All format masks are case-
sensitive.
Ensure that a format mask is supported by EXAMPLE Express ®skins before applying it to a field. A
format mask must be supported by each installation of EXAMPLE Express ®in order to function
properly. For additional information, see Format Masks in the EXAMPLE Express® Reference Guide .
Labeled Format Masks
Labeled format masks must be supported by each installation of EXAMPLE Express ®in order to function
properly. The following labeled format masks are supported by EXAMPLE Express ®out of the box.
49 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

String
Format Mask Output
email user@domain.tld
phone ###-###-####
time HH:MM:SS AM/PM (Note: seconds are optional.)
time24 HH:MM:SS (military time)
textarea:rows:4:width:100%:
textarea:rows:4:width:100:4 and 100 represent values for the number of rows (height) and the
percentage of the window or the width in percentage or pixels.
Any non-numeric characters other than the percent sign (%)
entered after the width will be removed and replaced with "px" to
denote that they are pixels.
zipcode ##### or #####-####
ip ??#.??#.??#.??#
ssn ###-##-####
hide: Always masks characters (displays an asterisk (*)) on entry and on display.
An additional format mask can be added after the colon. (For example,
hide:ssn.)
This format mask only works with interview pages.
hideOnEntry: Masks characters (displays an asterisk (*)) as they are entered. An
additional format mask can be added after the colon. (For example,
hideOnEntry:ssn.)
This format mask only works with interview pages and does not
hide characters displayed as read-only.
hideOnDisplay: Always masks characters (displays an asterisk (*)) only on display, not on
entry. An additional format mask can be added after the colon. (For example,
hideOnDisplay:ssn.)
This format mask only works with interview pages.
50 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Float
Format Mask Output
Cn Field value with culture-appropriate (as determined in ManuScript properties) currency
symbol and numeric separators, to nnumber of decimal places. With the base culture in a
ManuScript set to en-US , the following are examples of output for the value 11.87:
•C0 — $12
•C1 — $11.9
•C2 — $11.87
The rounding that is applied when using this format mask occurs at the display level
and is completely separate from any rounding defined in a ManuScript field.
hide Always masks characters (displays an asterisk (*)) on entry and on display. An additional
format mask can be added after the colon. (For example, hide:ssn.)
This format mask only works with interview pages.
hideOnEntry Masks characters (displays an asterisk (*)) as they are entered. An additional format mask
can be added after the colon. (For example, hideOnEntry:ssn.)
This format mask only works with interview pages and does not hide characters
displayed as read-only.
hideOnDisplay Always masks characters (displays an asterisk (*)) only on display, not on entry. An
additional format mask can be added after the colon. (For example, hideOnDisplay:ssn.)
This format mask only works with interview pages.
Date
Date field display (with no format mask applied) defaults to the short date format appropriate to the culture set
in Web browser options. Format masks placed on Date fields will override this default. Input fields of a Date
data type will assume dates are entered in the short date order appropriate to the browser settings and will
accept hyphens (-), periods (.), or slashes (/) as separators.
Applying format masks to date input fields can result in incorrect data collection and other errors. To
avoid confusion, Duck Creek Technologies recommends indicating in the user interface which format
the end user should use.
Format
MaskOutput
51 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

mm-dd-
yyyymonth-day-year format
dd-mm-
yyyyday-month-year format
yyyy-mm-
ddyear-month-day format
MMMM d,
yyyyLong date format such as January 1, 2007 .
d Short date format (such as 01-01-2007 ) appropriate to the culture as determined by browser
settings.
D Long date format (such as Monday, January 1, 2007 ) appropriate to the culture as
determined by browser settings.
This mask should only be applied to read-only fields.
Boolean
The default display for a Boolean field is a check box.
Format Mask Output
radio Displays a Boolean field as side-by-side Yes and No option buttons.
radio:1 Displays a Boolean field as above/below Yes and No option buttons.
Other (with options)
The default display for defined options is a combo box.
Format Mask Output
radio Displays each as an option button in a single row.
blankOption:(select) (select) will appear as a default in a drop-down list of options, and may be replaced
in the mask with any text.
Custom Format Masks
There are two types of custom format syntax: numeric and character. The first character of the format indicates
the type of formatting:
•Numeric format is indicated by a first character of # or 0.
•Character formatting is indicated by the @ character. The edit mask string immediately follows the @
character, and consists of three fields separated by semicolons. The first part of the mask is the mask
itself. The second part is the character that determines whether the literal characters of the mask are
52 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

matched to characters in the Value parameter or are inserted into the Value string. The third part of the
mask is the character used to represent missing characters in the mask.
The following are the special characters used in the first field of the mask.
Character Meaning in mask
> If a greater than symbol appears in the mask, all aformat characters that follow are in upper
case until the end of the mask or until a < character is encountered.
< If a less than symbol appears in the mask, all aformat characters that follow are in lower case
until the end of the mask or until a > character is encountered.
<> If the less than and greater than symbols appear together in a mask, no case checking is
done. This turns off the > or <, while > or < will turn it back on. (sequentially)
a Requires an alphabetical character in this position, and the case is based upon the presence
of one of the case indicators (>,<,<>) in the mask previous to the 'a' format character.
L Requires an alphabetic character in this position.
A Requires an alphanumeric character in this position.
C Requires an upper-case alphabetic character in this position.
c Requires a lower-case alphabetic character in this position.
0 Allows a numeric character in this position.
9 Requires a numeric character or a positive or negative sign (+ or -) in this position.
# Requires a numeric character or a positive or negative sign (+ or -) in this position.
- Inserts spaces into the returned string.
* Requires a character in this position in a format mask. This can be any character allowed by
the interface.
^ The character that follows a caret is a literal character. Use this character before any mask
characters used as a literal. For example, in the mask @LL^xAAthe third character of the entry
must be x.
Any character that does not appear in the preceding table can appear in the first part of the mask as a literal
character. Literal characters are inserted automatically if the second field of the mask is 0, or matched to
characters in the Value parameter if the second field is any other value. The special mask characters can also
appear as literal characters if preceded by a back slash character (\).
Using Regular Expressions (Regexes) to Create Custom Format Masks
Regular expressions (regexes) can be used to create custom format masks. Using a regex, a user can create
custom format masks that will display a message for invalid field values. The most common regex structure for
this type of format mask is:
53 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

regex:[regular expression]:[message (opt’l)]:[attributes (opt’l)] –The most common attribute value for this
type of regex is ifor case sensitive.
The following are examples of additional regex format masks:
•regex:^\\d+$:Please enter a number – This forces the user to use only digits, or the message Please
enter a number is displayed. The d,written as \\d, specifies that only digits can be entered. The +
specifies one or more digits, and the ^ and $ symbols specify the beginning and end of the string (this will
prevent other characters from being entered before or after the digits).
Escape backslashes by using double backslashes (\\) instead of a single backslash(\).
•regex:^\\d{5}$:Please enter five digits – This forces the user to enter exactly 5 digits, or they receive
the message, Please enter five digits.
•regex:^(\\$)?\\d+$:Please enter the cost – Any number of digits, with or without a leading dollar sign.
The dollar sign should be “escaped” by putting backslashes in front of it because without them, the $
character signifies the end of the line. The ?character means that the dollar sign is optional.
•regex:^\\d{0,5}\\.\\d{1,3}$:Please enter a number with a decimal – A number with 0-5 digits followed by
a decimal and 1-3 digits must be entered. A double backslash is necessary in front of the decimal
because a period in regexes is a special wildcard character that will allow any character to be used.
•regex:^((?!(p\\.?o\\.? box)).)*$:Cannot enter a PO box:i – This would prevent a user from entering P.O.
Boxin any combination of uppercase or lowercase characters, with or without periods, in the field.
A colon (:) cannot be used in the regular expression or message. Colons are used as delimiters of
format mask sections.
Format masks do not run a check on empty fields, so a user is not forced to enter a value. Instead use
therequired attribute .
Ajax Refreshes
EXAMPLE Express ®leverages Ajax refresh techniques to provide a more streamlined user experience. Using Ajax,
communication between the browser and EXAMPLE Server ®can often be performed asynchronously, enabling the
partial refreshes of EXAMPLE Express ®pages instead of entire page refreshes.
Even with the use of Ajax, full page refreshes will occur in EXAMPLE Express ®under some circumstances. For
example, full refreshes will occur when:
•An item is added to the page
•Buttons are added or removed (or are shown/hidden)
•A required item is removed from the page
•Rating messages exist on the page
•A widget exists on the page
•The header or footer changes
54 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•The page navigation changes
•TheRequired property of a field in a table layout changes
Passthrough.config File
In some cases, EXAMPLE Server ®requests need to be passed to EXAMPLE Server ®through EXAMPLE Express ®.
This may occur, for example, when a PreEvent field on an action is executed, or when a collapsible section on a page
is expanded.
To accommodate the need for EXAMPLE Express ®to pass requests to EXAMPLE Server ®, aPassthrough.config file
in the Duck Creek Technologies\Express directory defines the specific requests that can be passed through EXAMPLE
Express ®to EXAMPLE Server ®. This file limits the requests that can be sent through EXAMPLE Express ®to a small
number of specified requests. Limiting the requests that can be passed through EXAMPLE Express ®limits the security
exposure that could result from all requests being available for execution through EXAMPLE Express ®.
The Out-of-the-Box Passthrough.config File
The Passthrough.config file that is installed with EXAMPLE Express ®includes the following EXAMPLE Server ®
requests that are commonly used by EXAMPLE Express ®and that represent a very low security risk. Out of the box,
this file appears as follows:
<rulesets>
<ruleset>
<rule type="RequestName">Session.resumeRq</rule>
</ruleset>
<ruleset>
<rule type="RequestName">Session.storeDataRq</rule>
</ruleset>
<ruleset>
<rule type="RequestName">ManuScript.getValueRq</rule>
</ruleset>
<ruleset>
<rule type="RequestName">ManuScript.getPageRq</rule>
</ruleset>
</rulesets>
Customizing the Passthrough.config File
If your EXAMPLE Express ®skins or ManuScripts must send additional requests through EXAMPLE Express ®, you can
customize the Passthrough.config file. If an additional request is required, add the request to this file, and then bounce
EXAMPLE Express ®to see your changes.
Adding Parameters to EXAMPLE Server ®Requests
To increase the security of server requests that are added or included in the Passthrough.config file, you can add
Request Parameter rules. Request Parameter rules can be used to further restrict EXAMPLE Server ®requests through
attributes. The following is an example of a Request Parameter ruleset for <ManuScript.getValueRq> request:
<rulesets>
<ruleset>
<rule type=”RequestName”> ManuScript.getValueRq</rule>
<rule type=”RequestParameter” name=”manuscript”>BaseProduct</rule>
<rule type=”RequestParameter”
55 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

name=”field”>Bind.PreEventField,Billing.SetupBillingPreEventField</rule>
</ruleset>
<ruleset>
<rule type=”RequestName”>ManuScript.getPageRq</rule>
</ruleset>
</rulesets>
If more than one parameter is needed for a particular request, additional parameters can be added by separating them
with commas, as shown above in the Bind.PreEventField andBilling.SetupBillingPreEventField fields. Rulesets are
processed in the order they are placed in the Passthrough.config file. The request will pass for the first ruleset that it
matches and will not continue searching through additional rulesets once a match is found.
When adding requests to the Passthrough.config file, be aware that adding additional requests may increase
security risks. Evaluate the risk of each request and consider alternate strategies for achieving the desired
result.
System ManuScripts
Carriers can customize the content, appearance, and behavior of certain EXAMPLE Express ®system pages by using
customizable EXAMPLE ManuScripts™. The following EXAMPLE Express ®system pages can use a ManuScript:
•New Quote Selection page – This page appears when a user selects to start a new quote. It is used to provide a
user-friendly process for selecting the appropriate product ManuScript for a quote. This ManuScript can also be
displayed as a module on the EXAMPLE Express ®home page. The New Quote Selection ManuScript replaces
the XSL versions of the New Quote Selection page (new.xsl, newBasic.xsl, and newExtended.xsl).
•Client Details page – This page appears when a user selects to add a new client or update existing client
information. This ManuScript gathers and displays all details about a client. There is no XSL version of the Client
Details page.
•Send a Notification/Notification Details pages – These pages appear when a user selects to view or create a
notification. These pages gather and display (respectively) all details of a notification. The Message Detail
ManuScript replaces the XSL versions of the Send a Notification and the Notification Details pages
(messageNew.xsl and message.xsl). When these pages are driven by the Message Detail ManuScript, the
system uses both the Message Detail ManuScript and the messageDetail.xsl page to render the page content.
•New Task/Task Details pages – These pages appear when a user selects to view or create a task. These pages
gather and display (respectively) all details of a task. There is no XSL version of the New Task and the Task
Details pages, but the system uses both the Task Detail ManuScript and the taskDetail.xsl page to render the
page content.
For instructions on using system ManuScripts, see Using EXAMPLE Express® System ManuScripts .
Express Actions
Users can execute specific EXAMPLE Express ®actions from EXAMPLE ManuScripts™ using Express Actions.
Express Actions are system-defined actions (defined in the PostActionMap.xml file) that are applied to ManuScript
pages in Page Designer. Specifically, Express Actions are applied to page actions (buttons and links). Users can
specify the Express Action to take when the button or link is clicked using the Express Action property of the action.
For a list of all Express Actions available in the out-of-the-box PostActionMap.xml file or for details about each Express
Action, see the appendix Express Actions .
56 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Express Action Syntax
Express Actions are applied to page actions (buttons and links) in Page Designer using the Express Action property.
TheExpress Action property syntax is as follows:
postActionCommand:targetPage
ThepostActionCommand portion of the Express Action syntax is the action to perform, and the targetPage portion
is the EXAMPLE Express ®system page to load. If no targetPage is specified, the system continues with the
ManuScript-defined interview.
If desired, you can also instruct the system to save the active policy before taking action by adding an optional save
element before the postActionCommand . This syntax appears as follows:
save,postActionCommand:targetPage
Express Action Processing
For each post-back to EXAMPLE Express ®, the following actions are performed on the HTML form. The interview
action may also be peeked into if specified in the field referenced by the _action form field.
When an Express Action requires HTML form fields, the HTML form from which the action is executed must
contain those fields. For details about each Express Action and any HTML form fields required, see the
appendix Express Actions .
1.EXAMPLE Express ®loads the two primary action fields, _submitAction and_targetPage ._submitAction contains
the specified Express Action, and _targetPage contains the name of the EXAMPLE Express ®system page to
load. If _submitAction is empty, the system will take no action unless an action is specified in the interview action
below. If _targetPage is blank, the system does not load an EXAMPLE Express ®system page, but continues with
the interview content.
2.EXAMPLE Express ®looks for the interview action name in the form field _action .
3.EXAMPLE Express ®looks at the _fieldChanged form field. If _fieldChanged="1", then the data fields on the form
have been modified by the user and the session must be updated. Also, if auto-save is turned on, any field that
does not begin with an underscore (_) is stored using the <Session.storeDataRq> request. If fields have changed
and auto-save is on, then the quote or policy is stored using the <OnlineData.storePolicyRq> request.
Auto-save is also executed when the interview action has an add, delete, mark-for-delete, or duplicate
command in the interview action, even if no fields have been modified.
4.EXAMPLE Express ®peeks into the <ManuScript.getPageRq> request of the interview action for certain
parameter conditions. There are two activities performed on the interview action: peek andextract .Peek looks for
the value of the interview action, while extract pulls the attribute from the <ManuScript.getPageRq> request
attribute list, if it exists. The interview action has a request that may have some of the following attributes:
<ManuScript.getPageRq manuscript="" postAction="" eventField=""
preCommand="", etc>
◦Peek for postAction attribute, and set it as the post action to be performed before the interview content is
rendered. This attribute will override the Express Action set by the _submitAction HTML form field, though it
will preserve the save if specified previously.
◦Peek for resetManuScriptID andresetLOB . If either exists, perform them.
57 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

◦Peek for eventField . IfeventField="" , extract preCommand="" from the request and treat it as the
eventField.
This scenario will cause the preCommand to execute before the page is rendered and then
remove that action from the <ManuScript.getPageRq> request. This allows some actions to
execute completely before the page content is rendered.
◦If an eventField is specified, peek for the manuscript attribute and execute the field through the
<ManuScript.getValueRq> request in the specified ManuScript of the interview action. Also, peek for the
contextPath attribute (if specified) to use as the context path for the <ManuScript.getValueRq> request.
◦Process any postAction specified in the _postAction form field or the postAction attribute of the
<ManuScript.getPageRq> request.
◦Render the content page, using the newly modified interview action request.
Express Action Commands
Express Action Description
activatePolicy Creates a consumer account; returns a clientID, quoteID, and LOB; and then loads
the specified quote or policy.
addTaskAttachment Adds an attachment to a task.
admin Updates administration information.
assignTask Updates the queue and/or user to which a task is assigned.
commit, commit2, audit Processes an out-of-sequencetransaction and commits all changes to the
database.
consumerConvertToPolicy Moves a quote from the DC_POL_ConsumerQuote table to the Quote and History
tables.
consumerCreateAccount Creates a user account for the EXAMPLE Platform ®.
consumerLoadQuote Loads a quote from the DC_POL_ConsumerQuote table.
consumerLogin Logs a user in under the proxy account used for consumer access.
consumerNewQuote Creates a new quote in the DC_POL_ConsumerQuote table.
consumerReLogin From within EXAMPLE Express ®, logs a consumer user out of the proxy account
and logs them in to an existing full user account.
delete Marks or un-marks the specified quote or policy for deletion from the database. The
specified item is not removed from the database until a purge is performed.
deleteClient Marks the specified client for deletion from the database. The client is not removed
from the database until a purge is performed.
58 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

deleteMessage Deletes the specified notification from the database.
deleteTaskAttachment Removes an attachment from a task.
details Updates the details of a quote or policy in the database.
download Sends a copy of the XML image of the specified quote or policy to the browser.
duplicate Duplicates the specified quote or policy in the database.
initAsyncPrintJob Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the
<FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request asynchronously with the forceInit attribute
set to 1. Loads the Policy Forms page.
initPrintJob Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the
<FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request with the forceInit attribute set to 1. Loads
the Policy Forms page.
issue Saves the active quote or policy to the database using the
<OnlineData.storeTransactionRq> request.
load Loads the specified quote or policy into the session and invokes the interview
process of the associated ManuScript.
loadHistoryTx2 Loads the specified history image of a quote or policy into the session and invokes
the interview process of the associated ManuScript.
loadPortfolio Loads the specified Portfolio into the session and invokes the interview process of
the associated ManuScript.
login Logs the user into EXAMPLE Server ®and begins a new EXAMPLE Express ®
session.
messageDetail Updates the active notification in the database using the interview content of a
Message Detail ManuScript.
newMessage Displays a New Message page (message.xsl, or—if a Message Detail ManuScript
is used—messageDetail.xsl). Performs no database action. Out-of-the-box pages
for EXAMPLE Express ®4.0 are not designed to use this action.
newNotification Displays a Send a Notification page (messageNew.xsl, or—if a Message Detail
ManuScript is used—messageDetail.xsl). Performs no database action.
newQuote Creates a new quote in the active session, invoking the interview process of the
specified ManuScript. Performs no database action.
newTask Adds a new task based on the task record located in the session at the path
_TaskData/TaskRecord.
59 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

previewAsyncPrintJob Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the
<FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request asynchronously with the forceInit attribute
set to 0or3. Loads the Policy Forms page.
previewPrintJob Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the
<FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request with the forceInit attribute set to 0or3.
Loads the Policy Forms page.
readMessage Displays the Notification Details page (message.xsl, or—if a Message Detail
ManuScript is used—messageDetail.xsl) for the specified notification.
refreshAsyncPrintJob Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the
<FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request asynchronously with the forceInit attribute
set to 3. Loads the Policy Forms page and executes the
<FormsEngine.setPrintJobItemsRq> request with an autoMark attribute set to
markDefault .
rescind Reverts the current policy image back to the state of the specified history image,
retaining records of any transactions that are removed.
resetManuScriptID Resets the associated ManuScript for the active quote.
resetSession Clears all session information.
rollbackHistory Rolls back the transaction records of a policy to the specified history image,
removing any subsequent transactions and making the specified history image the
current image. This action then loads the (new) current policy image into the active
session and invokes the interview process of the associated ManuScript.
runRulesAsyncPrintJob Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the
<FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request asynchronously with the forceInit attribute
set to 2. Loads the Policy Forms page.
runRulesPrintJob Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the
<FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request with the forceInit attribute set to 2. Loads
the Policy Forms page.
save Saves the active quote or policy to the database using the
<OnlineData.storePolicyRq> request.
saveMessage Updates the specified message in the database from the HTML form fields on the
New Message page (message.xsl). Out-of-the-box pages for EXAMPLE Express ®
4.0 are not designed to use this action.
saveNotification Updates the specified notification in the database from the HTML form fields on the
New Message page (messageNew.xsl).
setActiveAgency Updates the active agency for the logged in user in the EXAMPLE Express ®
<state> node.
60 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

setLanguage Sets the language property in the session and the EXAMPLE Express ®<state>
node to the specified language.
setPrintManuScript Sets the ManuScriptID to use when the Create Policy Documents link is clicked.
This action should be used when a different ManuScript than the loaded interview
ManuScript (state.ManuScriptID) is needed.
setTaskComplete Sets the status of a task to Complete .
setTaskDeclined Sets the status of a task to Closed , with a reason of Declined .
setTaskDeleted Marks a task for delete. (Sets the status of the task to Deleted .)
setTaskStatus Sets the status of a task.
signup Creates an agency signup request and sends an e-mail to the recipient specified by
theMailTo configuration setting in the Express\Web.config file.
submit Saves the active quote or policy to the database using the
<OnlineData.storeTransactionRq> request.
switchUser Moves the active quote or policy to the specified agency and logs in as a different
user to load the active policy.
updateTask Updates a task in the database based on the task record located in the session at
the path _TaskData/TaskRecord.
upload Uploads a file from a ManuScript to the directory specified in the UploadDir
configuration setting in the Express\Web.config file.
validatePrintJob Verifies that no required fields on selected forms are empty.
Configuring EXAMPLE Express®
To configure EXAMPLE Express ®, you must:
•Set up EXAMPLE Express® security
•Set up event logging
In addition, you can:
•Set up the Exit Interview Field
•Set up an EXAMPLE Express® proxy server
•Secure IIS with a self-signed SSL certificate
•Set up dynamic skin selection
•Set up portfolio
•Set up consumer access
•Set up mass tasks
•Set up Pitney Bowes address verification
61 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•Set up underwriter's workbench toolbar
Setting Up EXAMPLE Express® Security
EXAMPLE Express ®security is controlled through authentication (provided through any of five authentication methods
available for the EXAMPLE Platform ®) and authorization (provided through EXAMPLE UserAdmin™). For instructions
on setting up security for EXAMPLE Express ®, see the following documents:
•Authentication —EXAMPLE Authentication Server™ User Guide
•Authorization —EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ User Guide
Setting Up Event Logging
You can use the Microsoft Windows Application Event Log to log exception conditions and notifications in the
EXAMPLE Platform ®.
To set up event logging:
1.Open the Edit Configuration Utility.
2.In the Virtual Directory list, click the desired EXAMPLE Express ®directory.
3.Under Mode , click Form .
4.On the Web Config tab, in the list of settings, click EventLog .
5.In the value text box, click one of the following options:
◦Errors — Logs errors that occur in the EXAMPLE Express ®system.
◦All— Logs both errors and notifications.
6.Click Save .
7.Click Close .
Using the EventLog configuration setting requires an addition to the machine registry for the configured identity of the
EXAMPLE Express ®application. Usually, this identity is ASPNET local user, unless a configured identity is used for
EXAMPLE Express ®.
There may be multiple instances of these processes on the machine, and each instance may execute as a
unique user.
1.Add the key name "Express" under
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\Eventlog\Application.
2.Grant write access to the EXAMPLE Express ®entry
(HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\Eventlog\Application\Express) for the user
associated with the ASPNET_WP or WPW3 process (usually ASPNET).
This key is optional and must be added manually.
Setting Up the Exit Interview Field
When a user completes an interview process, EXAMPLE Express ®executes an Exit Interview field. This field can
modify session data or execute additional ManuScript logic when the user leaves the final page of the interview. It can
62 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

change session values, store data to the database, or operate conditionally based on the final page of the interview
process for a particular user.
To define an Exit Interview field, you must define the field in EXAMPLE Author ®, and then specify the field in the
ExitInterviewField setting in the Express\Web.config file.
If an Exit Interview field does not exist in a ManuScript that contains the final page of an interview, EXAMPLE
Express ®will continue processing as normal. However, any value specified in the ExitInterviewField
configuration setting will cause an additional round trip request to EXAMPLE Server ®at the end of each
interview process.
Defining the Field in EXAMPLE Author ®
To define the Exit Interview field in EXAMPLE Author ®, create a field that executes the desired logic. In some cases,
an Exit Interview field may need to execute conditionally based on which EXAMPLE Express ®system page a user has
requested when leaving an interview. To accommodate this situation, EXAMPLE Express ®sets a value in the session
properties that contains the name of the page the user has requested. If desired, a ManuScript can use this value to
build conditional logic by using the <Session.getPropertyRq> request as follows:
<Session.getPropertyRq name="ExitInterviewTarget" />
The value of the ExitInterviewTarget property can be the name of any valid content page defined in the
ContentMap.xml file (or any custom ContentMap.xml file).
Identifying the Field in Express\Web.config
To define the Exit Interview field in the Express\Web.config file:
1.In each ManuScript, add a field that specifies which page ends the interview process. This page can be in
EXAMPLE TransACT ®, in the product ManuScript, or in any other ManuScript called during the interview process.
Give the field the same name in each ManuScript using the same EXAMPLE Express ®configuration.
2.Open the Edit Configuration Utility.
3.In the Virtual Directory list, click the desired EXAMPLE Express ®directory.
4.Under Mode , click Form .
5.On the Web Config tab, in the list of settings, click ExitInterviewField .
6.In the value text box, enter the name of the ManuScript field defined in Step 1 .
7.Click Save .
8.Click Close .
Setting Up an EXAMPLE Express® Proxy Server
If you wish to add an additional layer of security to EXAMPLE Express ®, you can configure an EXAMPLE Express ®
proxy server. To set up an EXAMPLE Express ®proxy server, you must:
•Install EXAMPLE Express ®
•Set up a proxy directory
•Set up a virtual directory
•Configure the Express\Web.config file
63 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•Verify configuration
Installing EXAMPLE Express ®
For instructions on installing EXAMPLE Express ®, see EXAMPLE Express® Installation .
Setting Up a Proxy Directory
To set up the proxy directory:
1.In the desired location, create a new directory. Name the directory as desired.
2.In the Global Root Directory \Shared\Bin directory, copy the Proxy.aspx file, and paste it into the newly created
directory.
3.Rename the Proxy.aspx file to Default.aspx .
4.Copy the Default.aspx file.
5.Paste the copied file into the same directory, and rename the file CheckSemaphoreStatus.aspx .
6.In the Default.aspx file, change the value of the string url variable to the appropriate EXAMPLE Express ®URL
(such as http://localhost/Express/Default.aspx ).
7.Save and close the Default.aspx file.
8.In the CheckSemaphoreStatus.aspx file, change the value of the string url variable to the appropriate EXAMPLE
Express ®URL, changing the file name at the end of the URL from Default.aspx to
CheckSemaphoreStatus.aspx .
9.Save and close the CheckSemaphoreStatus.aspx file.
10. Navigate to the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins directory.
11. Perform one of the following actions:
◦Copy your skins files to the proxy directory, placing them in a sub-directory named Skins .
If your skins use the Next Generation Web Design, you must copy the DCTCore directory as well
as your customized skin directory to the proxy directory.
◦Copy the entire Skins directory and paste it into the proxy directory.
Setting Up a Virtual Directory
In IIS, create a virtual directory for the EXAMPLE Express ®proxy. Name the directory as desired, and point it to the
proxy directory.
Configuring Express\Web.config
To configure the Express\Web.config file:
1.Open the Edit Configuration Utility.
2.In the Virtual Directory list, click the desired EXAMPLE Express ®directory.
3.Under Mode , click Form .
4.On the Web Config tab, in the list of settings, click ProxyMode .
5.In the value text box, enter 1.
6.Click Save .
64 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

7.Click Close .
Verifying Configuration
To verify EXAMPLE Express ®proxy configuration:
•In a Web browser, navigate to EXAMPLE Express ®using the proxy (for example, http://localhost/
ExpressProxy ).
The EXAMPLE Express ®login page should appear.
Securing IIS with a Self-Signed SSL Certificate
You can secure your IIS configuration using the SelfSSL.exe file to generate and install a self-
signed SSL certificate. However, because this tool generates a self-signed certificate that
does not come from a trusted source, Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. recommends that it only
be used in the following situations:
•When creating a security-enhanced private channel from a server to a limited, known
user group
•When troubleshooting third-party certificate issues
To generate a self-signed SSL certificate:
1.Download the SelfSSL.exe file from a trusted site such as www.Microsoft.com , or acquire it from the IIS resource
kit.
2.Because there will likely be more than one Web site on the IIS machine, execute the following command in a
command prompt to determine the site ID:
cscript iisweb.vbs/query
3.Run the SelfSSL.exe file to generate a self-signed certificate, and put it in the personal store on the server using
the following command:
Selfssl.exe/s:3 (where 3 is the site ID)
To secure your IIS configuration with a self-signed SSL certificate:
1.In IIS, right-click the EXAMPLE Express ®Web site, and then click Properties .
2.On the Directory Security tab, click Edit.
3.Ensure that the Require Secure Channel check box is selected.
Setting Up Dynamic Skin Selection
If desired, you can override the XSLTDir configuration setting in the Express\Web.config file and determine which
EXAMPLE Express ®skin to use at runtime.
When overriding the XSLTDir configuration setting, the following skin selection priority rules are used:
•If there is an “xslt” option on the URL request string or if an HTML form field named xsltexists, select that skin.
65 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•If there was previously a skin selected by a request string override since the user last logged in, maintain that
same skin override.
•Any time the currently selected application layout has an “xsltDir” override specified, use that skin.
This rule does not apply after switching from a layout with an override specified. If that is the case,
proceed with the next rule.
•The skin directory defined in the Express web.config’s “XSLTDir” setting will be used to select the current skin.
Setting Up Portfolio
For information on setting up the Portfolio feature, see Portfolio in the EXAMPLE Platform® .
Setting Up Consumer Access
For information on setting up the EXAMPLE Platform ®Consumer Access feature, see Consumer Access in the
EXAMPLE Platform® .
Setting Up Mass Tasks
Mass Tasks functionality can be enabled by performing an upgrade of an existing installation or by installing a new
instance of EXAMPLE Server ®, EXAMPLE Express ®, and Duck Creek Billing™.
When Mass Task functionality is installed, the following are also added or modified:
•Stored procedure: DC_SP_PLT_ProcessAssignWorkflowTasksFromXML
•TaskDetails ManuScript.
•Skins
Additionally, the following are added:
•Mass Reassign page (see Mass Reassign page )
•TaskRecords group with these fields: EntityId, TaskId, TaskLockingTS, and UserId
•ModifyTasks is assigned to those users who have access to ViewTasks (see EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ Privileges )
•ViewTasksOnly is added
For more information about Mass Tasks, see Tasks .
Setting Up Pitney Bowes Address Verification
About the Installation
Pitney Bowes Address Verification requires the following be installed:
•EXAMPLE Server ®
•EXAMPLE Express ®
•EXAMPLE TransACT ®
The installation utility sets up the following for Pitney Bowes Address Verification:
66 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•Copies the DuckCreek.PitneyBowes.dll file to the Shared\Bin directory – Determines how to send and receive
messages from Pitney Bowes.
•Updates the IntegrationCatalog.xml file in the Shared directory – Instructs the system to use the
PitneyBowes_GeoCodeReport.xml file.
•Links the GeoCodeManuScript.xml file to Shared\ManuScriptCatalog.xml – Links the ManuScript to the system.
•Copies the PitneyBowes_GeoCodeReport.xml file to the Reports\Pitney-Bowes\Geocoding directory – Contains
mappings to get messages from the .dll file into the session XML.
•Copies the GeoCodeManuScript.xml file to the Reports\Pitney-Bowes\Geocoding directory
•Provides a sample ManuScript that contains two pages that call PBBI and scrub an address. This installs an
inherited ManuScript (Sample Product – PBBI) on top of the Sample Product ManuScript that verifies addresses
entered on the Account and Location pages.
•Adds the following XML to theWeb\Web.config file:
<!-- This file shows the XML configuration changes necessary to use the Pitney Bowes
report(s).     The installer should make these changes automatically, but details are
provided for reference.     Changes should be made to the %DCT Root%\web\web.config
file. -->
<configSections>
<section name="PitneyBowes_DCT"
type="System.Configuration.NameValueSectionHandler" />
</configSections>
<PitneyBowes_DCT>
<add key="AccountID" value="user123" />
<add key="AccountPassword" value="pass123" />
</PitneyBowes_DCT>
<system.serviceModel>
<bindings>
<basicHttpBinding>
<binding name="GeocodeUSAddressSoapBinding" closeTimeout="00:01:00"
openTimeout="00:01:00" receiveTimeout="00:10:00" sendTimeout="00:01:00"
allowCookies="false" bypassProxyOnLocal="false"
hostNameComparisonMode="StrongWildcard" maxBufferSize="65536"
maxBufferPoolSize="524288" maxReceivedMessageSize="65536" messageEncoding="Text"
textEncoding="utf-8" transferMode="Buffered"
useDefaultWebProxy="true">
<readerQuotas maxDepth="32" maxStringContentLength="8192"
maxArrayLength="16384" maxBytesPerRead="4096" maxNameTableCharCount="16384"
/>
<security mode="None">
<transport clientCredentialType="None" proxyCredentialType="None"
realm="" />
<message clientCredentialType="UserName" algorithmSuite="Default"
/>
</security>
</binding>
</basicHttpBinding>
</bindings>
<client>
<endpoint address="http://staging.g1.com:8080/services/
GeocodeUSAddress" binding="basicHttpBinding"
67 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

bindingConfiguration="GeocodeUSAddressSoapBinding" contract="GeocodeUSAddress"
name="GeocodeUSAddressPort" />
</client>
</system.serviceModel>
</configuration>
Installing Pitney Bowes Address Verification
To install Pitney Bowes Address Verification:
1.Make sure EXAMPLE Server ®and EXAMPLE Express ®are installed before installing Pitney Bowes Address
Verification.
2.Download the appropriate installation file from the Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. Customer Support Site.
3.Double-click the installation file.
4.Select an existing installation instance to modify it, or choose to install a new instance.
5.Name the instance of Pitney Bowes Address Verification.
6.Click Next .
68 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

7.When prompted by the Setup Wizard, click Next .
8.Scroll to read the terms of the End-User License Agreement. After reading the agreement, enable the I accept
the terms in the license agreement checkbox, and then click Next . (The Next button remains disabled until the
69 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

user selects the checkbox.)
70 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

9.Select the destination folder for the installation. If needed, click Change… to browse to and select a different
destination directory.
10. Click Next .
11. Enter the Web config settings, and then click Next . These settings allow the connection to the Pitney Bowes
service.
Verify that the correct user name, password, and URL are entered, as this data is not verified when it is
entered. A system error displays at the time the user attempts to use Pitney Bowes Address Verification if the
wrong credentials have been entered here.
71 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

12. When prompted, click Install .
13. Click Finish .
Uninstalling Pitney Bowes Address Verification
To uninstall Pitney Bowes Address Verification:
1.On the Windows taskbar, click Start , and then click Control Panel .
2.Click Uninstall a program .
3.Click the instance of EXAMPLE Pitney-Bowes Integration to uninstall, and then click Uninstall .
4.The Programs and Features dialog box appears and asks if users are sure they want to uninstall the program.
Click Yesto complete the uninstallation process.
Enabling Pitney Bowes Address Verification
Pitney Bowes Address Verification can be implemented in several ways, depending on the user's customizations. For
example, it could be added to a ManuScript as shown here:
1.In Tables View in EXAMPLE Author ®, click IntegrationControl to access the PBBIGeocoding fields.
2.To enable Pitney Bowes address verification, in the PBBIGeocoding field, set the value of the Enabled setting to
1.
To disable the functionality, set the value of the Enabled setting to 0.
72 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

3.To make Pitney Bowes Address Verification required to complete an application, set the value of Required to1.
To allow applications that use unverified addresses, set the value of Required to0.
4.Save the changes.
Address verification cannot be used for addresses stored under a parent group (such as, data). exportRq
moves an address from a certain place in the session into a temporary session document for address
verification, and exportRq cannot map to a ManuScript group that doesn’t have a parent.
For more information about address verification:
•SeeWorking with Addresses
•SeePitney Bowes Address Verification
Setting Up Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar
Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar lets users view, create, and delete Notes and Attachments.
73 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

New Installations and Upgrades
Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar installs as part of an EXAMPLE Express ®upgrade or new installation without
manual configuration.
Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar is supported only for AvantGarde 2.1 and later skins.
Configuring Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar
Users can enable and disable Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar and configure it to match current skins and
localization.
The Underwriter’s Workbench Toolbar is built on top of the new MVC Extension Framework. As a new technology, this
framework is expected to experience significant growth and change in upcoming releases as the feature set expands
and the implementation matures. As such, supported customization options for the Workbench Toolbar are limited to
localization based label changes and styling changes using theme based overrides.
It is recommended that items in the Assets directory are not changed, as these will be overridden by future
installations and updates.
Enabling and Disabling Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar
By default, Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar is fully enabled. However, the user can disable or configure Underwriter's
Workbench Toolbar by editing the skin.config file in the main Skins directory (such as, C:\Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Express\Skins\AvantGarde2).
To configure skin.config:
1.Open skin.config in a text editor.
2.Within the <controls> section, locate the section, <workbench toolbar enabled=" 1" />
3.By default, workbench toolbar is enabled and all items are present, including Notes and Attachments. Set
enabled=" 0" to turn off workbench toolbar, and then save your changes.
Customizing Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar
The toolbar can be configured to match your skins and localization.
•For style changes, see Working with CSS Override Styles .
•For localization changes, see Using the Localization Framework .
Out-of-the-box, Underwriter's toolbar does not manipulate data on the main page, default.aspx.
For more information, see:
•Working With Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar
•Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar
74 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Customizing EXAMPLE Express®
EXAMPLE Express ®can be customized extensively to meet each carrier's unique needs. Carriers can customize
EXAMPLE Express ®by:
•Customizing skins — Carriers can customize the content, look and feel, and behavior of EXAMPLE Express ®
pages through XSL, JavaScript, and CSS changes. For general instructions on customizing these files, see
Customizing EXAMPLE Express Skins .
•Using EXAMPLE Express ®system ManuScripts — Carriers can customize the content, appearance, and
behavior of certain system pages by replacing XSL pages with customized EXAMPLE ManuScripts™. For
information about which pages can be replaced with system ManuScripts and instructions on using them, see
Using EXAMPLE Express® System ManuScripts .
•Customizing the appearance of interview (ManuScript) pages — Carriers can control the appearance of
interview (ManuScript) pages by defining the content and layout of each page in EXAMPLE Author ®. In addition,
carriers can further control the appearance of these pages through custom styles and format masks. For
instructions on customizing the appearance of ManuScript pages through custom styles and format masks, see
Customizing Interview (ManuScript) Pages .
•Adding custom pages — Carriers can add custom pages to EXAMPLE Express ®through the ContentMap.xml
file available with the OnDemand Framework. For instructions on adding custom pages, see Adding Custom
Pages .
•Adding or customizing modules — Carriers can customize the out-of-the-box modules available for the Policy
Administration Dashboard (or any other page) or create their own. For instructions on adding custom modules,
seeAdding or Customizing Modules .
•Adding custom Express Actions — Carriers can define custom Express Actions that can be used in EXAMPLE
Express ®pages or interview (ManuScript) pages using the PostActionMap.xml file available with the OnDemand
Framework. For instructions on adding custom Express Actions, see Adding Custom Express Actions .
•Customizing the EXAMPLE Express ®experience — Carriers can customize the total EXAMPLE Express ®
experience by customizing which pages are available in EXAMPLE Express ®and what each page contains using
the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file available with the OnDemand Framework. If desired, through the OnDemand
Framework and EXAMPLE Express ®skins files, carriers can specify a unique EXAMPLE Express ®experience for
each type of user. For instructions on customizing the total EXAMPLE Express ®experience, see Customizing the
EXAMPLE Express® Experience .
•Adding external content — Carriers can load and embed content from external URLs in EXAMPLE Express ®
pages by modifying any of the following page elements or files to further customize their EXAMPLE Express ®
experience:
◦Sections in EXAMPLE Author ®
◦Left panels in the skin.config file
◦Dashboard modules through the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file
For more information, see Using External Content in EXAMPLE Express® .
•Customizing specific EXAMPLE Express ®features — Carriers can customize a number of specific features
and functions in EXAMPLE Express ®, including:
◦Customizing the Policy Administration Dashboard
◦Customizing Tasks
◦Customizing Notifications
◦Customizing Search Options
75 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

◦Using New Quote Selection System Pages
◦Customizing the System Loading Message
◦Enabling Top Navigation
◦Enabling Help Link Tab Indexes
◦Setting Up Navigation Classes
Customizing EXAMPLE Express Skins
The content, behavior, and look and feel of EXAMPLE Express ®can be customized through EXAMPLE Express ®skins
(composed of XSL, JavaScript, and CSS files). EXAMPLE Express ®skins isolate the customizable look and feel of
EXAMPLE Express ®from core EXAMPLE Express ®functionality. Static .xsl and. js files that define core EXAMPLE
Express ®behavior are stored in either the DCTCore or DCTBase (depending on which skin you are using) directories
in the Duck Creek root directory (for example, C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies\ ). These files
handle rendering of the HTML layout structure and the main JavaScript processing. Files in the Avant Garde,
AvantGarde2, AvantGarde 2.1, DCTCore, and DCTBase directories are overwritten during Duck Creek Technologies,
Inc. installations and upgrades, and should NOT be altered.
By contrast, customizable .xsl, .js, and .css files that define the look and feel of EXAMPLE Express ®are stored in the
Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin\ directory (where CustomSkin is the name of a
customized skins directory ). These files can be customized. For information about creating a custom skins directory,
seeCreating a Custom Skins Directory .
When customizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins, do not modify any files in the DCTCore, DCTBase,
AvantGarde (all versions) directories. All files in these directories are overwritten during upgrades. Instead, to
override these files, you must create a custom skins directory (copied from the appropriate AvantGarde
directory) and modify the files in this directory. For instructions on creating a custom skins directory and
overriding DCTCore or DCTBase files, see Creating a Custom Skins Directory ,Overriding DCTCore Files , or
Overriding DCTBase Files .
All EXAMPLE Express ®skins use the DCTCore or DCTBase directories (depending on the skin being used) in
conjunction with a customizable directory that defines the unique look and feel of EXAMPLE Express ®.
Out of the box, all skins directories and files are located in the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins
directory\ . EXAMPLE Express ®is shipped with the DCTCore and DCTBase directories and a sample directory
(AvantGarde, AvantGarde2 or AvantGarde2.1) that defines the out-of-the-box EXAMPLE Express ®look and feel.
During upgrade installations, the DCTCore or DCTBase and AvantGarde or AvantGarde2 directories are overwritten.
Files in a carrier's custom skins directory, however, will NOT be overwritten during an upgrade installation and may be
customized extensively.
Follow the general instructions in this section to customize EXAMPLE Express ®skins.
Customizing Avant Garde Skins
ByCreating a Custom Skins Directory andOverriding DCTCore Files , you can modify the XSL, CSS, and JavaScript
files to customize the Avant Garde skin to best suit your needs.
76 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Creating a Custom Skins Directory
When customizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins, do not modify any files in the DCTCore or AvantGarde
directories. All files in these directories are overwritten during upgrades. Instead, you must create a custom
skins directory (copied from the AvantGarde directory) and modify the files in this directory.
To create a custom skins directory:
1.In the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins directory, copy the AvantGarde directory and paste it in the desired
location within the Express directory.
2.Rename the directory.
3.Make any desired customizations in the new directory. Use the information in this section to help you customize
the system.
Once you have created a custom skins directory, you must configure EXAMPLE Express ®to run using your
customized skin.
To configure EXAMPLE Express ®to use your customized skin:
1.Open the Edit Configuration Utility.
2.In the Virtual Directory list, click the desired EXAMPLE Express ®directory.
3.Under Mode , click Form .
4.On the Web Config tab, in the list of settings, click XSLTDir .
5.In the value text box, enter the relative path to the custom directory from the Global Root Directory \Express
directory (for example, Skins\MySkins ).
6.Click Save .
7.Click Close .
Overriding DCTCore Files
Customizing skins sometimes requires that you override files in the DCTCore directory. To do this, you must create a
custom skins directory, copy the desired templates or functions from the DCTCore files to that directory, and then
make your customizations. Files in the custom skins directory are called after files in the DCTCore directory and
therefore take precedence. For information about creating a custom skins directory, see Creating a Custom Skins
Directory .
When customizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins, do not modify any files in the DCTCore or AvantGarde
directories. All files in these directories are overwritten during upgrades. Instead, you must create a custom
skins directory (copied from the AvantGarde directory) and modify the files within it.
Overriding XSL Files
To override DCTCore .xsl files:
1.Create a custom skins directory. For information about creating a custom skins directory, see Creating a Custom
Skins Directory .
2.Copy the templates you wish to change from DCTCore to the appropriate files in the custom skins directory.
3.Make customizations to the templates in the custom skins directory.
77 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

The following are considered best practices with regard to overriding .xsl files:
•When copying templates from DCTCore files to the custom skins directory, copy entire templates, not parts of
them.
◦To help distinguish between custom and base skin code, create a comment each time you change
the skins.
◦For more information about overriding DCTBase files, see Overriding DCTBase Files in the
EXAMPLE Express ®Reference Guide .
◦For more information about overriding DCTCore files, see Overriding DCTCore Files in the
EXAMPLE Express ®Reference Guide .
•Each overridden template should be placed in the correct .xsl file in the custom skins directory. For example:
◦Home screen changes should be copied to the home.xsl file.
◦Open screen changes should be copied to open.xsl.
◦Page Version 1 interview screen changes should be copied to the interview.xsl file; Page Version 2
interview screen changes should be copied to the interviewNew.xsl file.
To make it easier for the necessary files to call the correct overrides, you can also maintain all overrides
in a single template file called custom.xsl. Create a custom.xsl file by copying the
dctCommonControls.xsl file into a new file and removing all templates and comments so that only the
opening and closing tags for <xsl:stylesheet...> remain.
•Often, Page Version 1 and Page Version 2 pages with the same name exist. Ensure that overridden templates
specific to Page Version 2 are not used in Version 1 pages. Failure to check for this will result in broken pages.
To prevent this from occurring, ensure that the custom.xsl file is called by the following files:
◦dctCommonControls.xsl—Because no import statements exist in this file, the import statement for the
custom.xsl file should be added at the top of the file, immediately after the <xsl:stylesheet> opening tag. The
dctCommonControls.xsl file is called by most other .xsl files. Any files that call the dctCommonControls.xsl
file do not need to call the custom.xsl file.
◦documentation.xsl (for PV2 annotations)—The import statement for the custom.xsl file should be added
after all pre-existing import statements.
◦interview.xsl (for PV1)—This file should only call the custom.xsl file if dctCommonControls.xsl is not
imported by this file.
◦interviewNew.xsl (for PV2)—This file should only call the custom.xsl file if dctCommonControls.xsl is not
imported by this file.
As of the EXAMPLE Platform 4.0.0 release, the interview.xsl and interviewNew.xsl files now import
the dctCommonControls.xsl file.
•Re-order any existing import statements at the beginning of the following files so that the dctShared.xsl file is the
last import statement:
◦interview.xsl
◦editPrintJob.xsl
If the following are all true, you must place your overrides in the interviewNew.xsl file:
78 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•You must override a template that uses match instead of a name for PV2 pages. For example, <xsl:template
match="action"> instead of <xsl:template name="questionInput">.
•The element you are matching may be present in the debugContent.xml for Version 1 or Version 2 pages. For
example, "action" occurs in both page versions, but "section" does not.
•A corresponding match template for Version 1 pages (usually found in the dctShared.xsl or interview.xsl files) is
not present.
Overriding JavaScript Files
To override DCTCore .js files:
1.In the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins directory, open the custom.js file.
2.Copy all functions you wish to override to the custom.js file.
Follow the best practices below when overriding DCTCore .js files:
•Some functions from DCTCore .js files and DCTBase.js files may be overridden. When overriding .js files in the
DCTCore/DCTBase directory (depending upon your version of EXAMPLE Platform ®), Duck Creek Technologies,
Inc. recommends copying and overriding an entire function, rather than only a part of it. For additional information,
seeOverriding JavaScript Files in the EXAMPLE Express® Reference Guide .
•To help distinguish between custom and base skin code, create a comment each time you change the skins.
◦For more information about overriding DCTBase files, see Overriding DCTBase Files in the EXAMPLE
Express ®Reference Guide .
◦For more information about overriding DCTCore files, see Overriding DCTCore Files in the EXAMPLE
Express ®Reference Guide .
Customizing XSL
When customizing XSL files, follow the guidelines below.
Interview Pages
When customizing interview (ManuScript-driven) pages:
•Customize Version 2 interview pages by modifying the InterviewNew.xsl file.For additional information, see
Customizing XSL inEXAMPLE Express® Reference Guide .
•If working with Version 1 pages (not recommended), modify the interview.xsl file.
System Pages
When customizing or creating system pages, follow the sequence of template calls below for building a page.
1.Include a template that matches the root of the content for the page.
2.Within this template, start the process of building the container by calling the buildContainer template in the
dctContainer.xsl file (located in the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\DCTCore\xsl directory).
3.Set up the following templates. (These templates will be called by the process begun in Step 2.)
◦processPageHeader — Controls the header content for the page.
◦buildLeftPanelContent — Controls the content of the left panel area of the container.
◦buildPageContent — Controls the main page content.
4.(Optional) In the buildLeftPanelConten t template, call any of the following component templates:
79 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

◦buildPolicyLeftNavHeader — Controls the header of the left panel.
◦createSubMenuArea — Renders the left navigation (such as the sub navigation for certain pages).
◦buildPolicyRelatedTasks — Controls the Policy Actions in the left panel.
◦buildPolicyLogonItems — Controls the Login Options in the left panel.
Customizing CSS
You can customize CSS for EXAMPLE Express ®by:
•Customizing a set of global .css files that apply across the entire EXAMPLE Express ®application.
•Customizing individual override files (indicated by the filename x_pagename.css ) that apply to single pages or
portions of the EXAMPLE Express ®application.
•Applying custom CSS styles to specific page elements in a ManuScript. These styles are defined in a single
override file ( x_interview.css ), and are applied to individual fields and page elements in EXAMPLE Author ®. For
more information about creating and applying custom CSS styles in EXAMPLE Author ®, see Working with CSS
Override Styles in the Guide to EXAMPLE Author® .
The x_interview.css file is automatically modified by EXAMPLE Author ®any time styles are edited using
the CSS Manager in Page Designer. This file does not need to be edited by hand.
The table below describes the customizable .css files in the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \css
directory. Use this table to determine which files to modify when customizing CSS.
File Description
buttons.css Contains styles for all links and buttons used in EXAMPLE Express ®.
ext-all.css Contains styles controlling the layout of the EXT JavaScript framework used throughout
EXAMPLE Express ®.
forms.css Contains styles that define how EXAMPLE Express ®forms (interview pages) are displayed in
the browser. Two standard sets of form layouts exist in the base installation of EXAMPLE
Express ®: vertical and horizontal (across and down).
generic.css Obsolete as of EXAMPLE Platform ®4.0.
leftNav.css Contains styles controlling left navigation for ManuScript pages. This file is the default file
used to control ManuScript page navigation.
leftNavFloating.css Contains styles controlling the floating navigation panel. This file is only used if floating
navigation is enabled.
legacySkins.css Contains styles released in versions of EXAMPLE Express ®prior to 3.1. These styles are
only loaded for ManuScripts containing version 1 pages.
nav.css Contains styles controlling application-level navigation.
popUp.css Contains styles controlling the layout of pop-up window contents.
80 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

reset.css Contains style definitions that override those defined by the browser vendor for common
HTML elements. By resetting these definitions to a common baseline, fewer cross-browser
incompatibility issues occur.
This file should not be modified.
style.css Contains styles for visual elements that appear on pages (banners, footers, tabs, font sizes).
topNav.css Contains styles controlling top navigation for ManuScript pages. This file is used only if
specified for a PageSet in EXAMPLE Author ®.
x_pagename .css Contains page-specific styles that override the global styles assigned in the above files.
To allow for extensive layout customization, each system page can have a
corresponding x_ pagename .css file (for example, x_login.css.) If an
x_pagename .css file exists for a given page, the file will be loaded when that page
is loaded. Out of the box, EXAMPLE Express ®skins include an x_ pagename .css
file for commonly customized pages. If desired, you can add additional
x_pagename .css files for any other pages you wish to customize.
x_interview.css Contains styles to be applied to individual fields or page elements in EXAMPLE
ManuScripts™. These styles are assigned in EXAMPLE Author ®.
HTML Div Structure
By default, EXAMPLE Express ®pages include the following container divs:
•wrapper — Controls the overall page width
•banner — Contains branding and top navigation
◦logo — Contains the logo
◦productNavigationDiv — Contains product-level navigation
◦quickSearch — Contains the quick search
◦actionGroup —Contains application-level navigation
◦specialactions — Contains the New Quote feature
•formContent — Controls page content between the banner and footer
◦leftPanelArea — Contains content of the left panel
◦policyActiveSection — Contains information on the active policy, if an active policy exists
◦subActionGroup — Contains the sub navigation for pages (if in interview, contains navigation among
ManuScript pages)
◦relatedActions — Contains policy-related actions if a policy is active
◦logonActions — Contains login options ( Change Password )
◦main — Contains content of the page area between banner and footer to the right of the left panel
◦header — Contains the page header
◦pageTop — Contains page title (pageTitle) and instructional text (pageInst)
81 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•footer — Contains the page footer
Customizing JavaScript
When customizing JavaScript for EXAMPLE Express ®, it is important to understand the JavaScript frameworks and
processing functions used in EXAMPLE Express ®skins.
JavaScript Frameworks in EXAMPLE Express ®
The following open source JavaScript frameworks are used in EXAMPLE Express ®skins:
•Ext JS (http://extjs.com/ ) — This framework is used for the following controls:
◦Grid controls
◦Calendar control
◦Accordion control
◦Progress bar control
◦Tool tips
◦Alert messages, confirmation messages, Yes/No save messages, and modal pop-ups
•Scriptaculous (http://script.aculo.us/ ) — This framework is used for section toggling.
•Prototype.js (http://www.prototypejs.org/ ) — This framework is used for AJAX processing and HTML snippet
manipulation (dynamically inserting or removing HTML).
Customizing ManuScript Processing
To customize system behavior during ManuScript processing, modify the following variables and functions in the
custom.js file in the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \scripts directory.
Customize the system behavior that occurs during ManuScript processing using the custom.js file in the
Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ Custom Skin \scripts directory.
Item Description
Variables
_loadingWaitTime Time to elapse (in milliseconds) before displaying a "loading" message when
performing system actions.
Functions
customOnload() Executed when pages are displayed or when any AJAX process causes the container
(the area containing the header, footer, and page tabs) to be redrawn.
skipRequiredChecking() Executed before the doCheck event is called. This function must return a value of true
to skip required checking.
customOnSubmit() Executed before the page or AJAX process is called.
customFieldFormat() Executed before the onBlur and prevent functions. This function allows for field format
changes before submitting a page.
82 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

customOnBlur(field) Executed when an onBlur event is executed.
customOnKeyPress(field) Executed when an onKeyPress event is executed (for multi-line text boxes).
customOnClick(field) Executed when an onClick event is executed.
customOnChange(field) Executed when an onChange event is executed.
customOnKeyUp(field) Executed when an onKeyUp event is executed (for multi-line text boxes).
Customizing Out-of-the-Box Pages
To customize the look and feel of out-of-the-box system pages, modify the appropriate .xsl and .css files in the Global
Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \xsl and Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \css directories.
Use the table below to determine which files to modify.
Page Files to Modify Notes
Login
Login login.xsl, x_login.css N/A
Agency
Signupsignup.xsl, x_signup.css N/A
Policy Administration Dashboard
Policy
Administration
DashboarddashboardHome.xsl,
x_dashboardHome.cssN/A
Clients
Client
InformationclientInfo.xsl,
x_clientInfo.cssN/A
Client Details •ManuScript — Client
Detail ManuScript
•System pages —
clientDetail.xsl,
x_clientDetail.cssThis page can be driven by the Client Detail ManuScript. To
customize this page, modify this ManuScript.
Policies
Interview interviewNew.xsl,
interview.xsl,
x_interview.cssThe interviewNew.xsl file is used for version 2 pages, and the
interview.xsl file is used for version 1 pages. Both version 1 and
version 2 pages use x_interview.css.
83 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

New Quote •ManuScript — New
Quote Selection
ManuScript
•System pages —
new.xsl, x_new.css
newBasic.xsl,
x_newBasic.css,
newExtended.xsl,
x_newExtended.cssOut of the box, this page is driven by the New Quote Selection
ManuScript. To customize this page, modify this ManuScript.
If using the system screens instead, the out-of-the-box newBasic.xsl
and newExtended.xsl files call new.xsl. If desired, these pages can
be customized to contain unique content.
Policy Details policy.xsl, x_policy.css N/A
Policy
Documentsprint.xsl, x_print.css N/A
Policy Forms printjob.xsl, x_printjob.css N/A
Edit Form editPrintJobNew.xsl,
editPrintJob.xsl,
x_editPrintJob.cssThe editPrintJobNew.xsl file is used for version 2 pages, and the
editPrintJob.xsl file is used for version 1 pages.
This page is ManuScript-driven and is accessed from the Policy
Forms page.
Notifications
Notifications messages.xsl,
x_messages.cssN/A
Send a
Notification•ManuScript —
Message Detail
ManuScript,
MessageDetail.xsl
•System pages —
messageNew.xsl,
x_messageNew.cssThis page can be driven by the Message Detail ManuScript. When
driven by the Message Detail ManuScript, the system uses
MessageDetail.xsl.
Notification
Details•ManuScript —
Message Detail
ManuScript,
MessageDetail.xsl
•System pages —
message.xsl,
x_message.cssThis page can be driven by the Message Detail ManuScript. When
driven by the Message Detail ManuScript, the system uses
MessageDetail.xsl.
Tasks
My Tasks taskInfo.xsl N/A
84 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Task
ManagementtaskManagement.xsl N/A
New Task Task Detail ManuScript,
taskDetail.xslThe system uses both the Task Detail ManuScript and
taskDetail.xsl.
Task Details Task Detail ManuScript,
taskDetail.xslThe system uses both the Task Detail ManuScript and
taskDetail.xsl.
Other Screens
Search search.xsl N/A
Batch Reports batchProcess.xsl,
x_batchProcess.cssN/A
Error screen errors.xsl, x_errors.css N/A
Help
(annotation
pop-ups)documentation.xsl N/A
Account
summary
screen for
consumersConsumer Dashboard
ManuScript,
consumerDashboard.xslThis page is used for Consumer Access and is driven by the
Consumer Dashboard ManuScript. The system also uses
consumerDashboard.xsl.
For more information about the Consumer Access feature, see
Consumer Access in the EXAMPLE Platform® .
Customizing Shared Components
To customize components shared by multiple system pages, modify the following .xsl files (in the Global Root
Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \xsl directory).
dctCommonControls.xsl
The dctCommonControls.xsl file contains the following templates.
Template Description
buildActiveSessionSection Controls the active session information that displays in page headers.
buildPageHeaderSection This deprecated template is included for backwards compatibility.
processPageHeader Controls page header content.
buildCurrentFiltersTable This deprecated template is included for backwards compatibility.
buildOperationsDropdown This deprecated template is included for backwards compatibility.
bulletinListWidget This deprecated template is included for backwards compatibility.
85 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

selectAgencyControl Controls the agency drop-down lists on the new.xsl and search.xsl
pages.
buildPortfolioList Controls the portfolio list on the clientInfo.xsl page. This template calls
the portfolioPolicyList template to build the table rows.
policyList (matched template) Controls the header row of the HTML table for the quote/policy list on
the clientInfo.xsl page. This template calls the policyList template to
build the quote/policy list HTML table.
portfolio Controls the header row of the HTML table for portfolio data.
buildPolicyGridHeader Controls the header row of the HTML table for the policy list on the
search.xsl and clientInfo.xsl pages.
buildPolicyActions Controls the action icons that appear in the policy list on the
clientInfo.xsl page.
portfolioPolicyList This deprecated template is included for backwards compatibility.
policyList Controls the quote/policy list on the clientInfo.xsl page.
buildListPagingSection Controls the paging links on the print.xsl page.
messagesListWidget Controls the Notifications lists on the messages.xsl and policy.xsl
pages.
buildMessagesListQueryBuilderDialog This deprecated template is included for backwards compatibility.
clientDetailWidget Controls the Client Detail table on the clientInfo.xsl page. This template
calls the buildClientDetailTable template.
buildClientDetailTable Controls the Client Detail table on the clientInfo.xsl page.
buildClientDetailAdditionalActionsSection Controls the action buttons available in the Client Details section of the
clientInfo.xml page.
buildCommonLayout Controls the rendering of ManuScript-driven system screens
(clientDetail.xsl, editPrintJob.xsl/editPrintJobNew.xsl, and
messageDetail.xsl).
Other XSL Files
The table below describes all other .xsl files that can be modified.
File Description
dctDocMode.xsl Controls the documentation pop-ups (annotations) for interview pages rendered
with the interview.xsl file.
dctGenericProcessFormat.xsl Controls display formatting for field values rendered during AJAX processing. This
template calls the dctGenericSetFieldFormat.xsl file.
86 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

dctGenericSetFieldFormat.xsl Controls display formatting for field values rendered by a full screen change or
refresh.
dctGenericSetFieldMask.xsl Displays ID string for HTML form fields. Facilitates custom format mask validation
by allowing the user to modify the fieldItems attribute of the appropriate HTML form
field.
Custom format mask validation will also require the appropriate custom
JavaScript be added to the custom.js file in the Global Root
Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \scripts directory.
dctGenericSetMaxLength.xsl Controls the max length for input fields (for example, for custom format masks).
dctShared.xsl Controls HTML element generation for version 1 interview pages rendered with the
interview.xsl file.
htmlFooter.xsl Controls the EXAMPLE Express ®footer.
htmlMeta.xsl Controls meta tags for EXAMPLE Express ®.
htmlTitle.xsl Controls the title that appears in the browser title bar for EXAMPLE Express ®.
Customizing Avant Garde 2 Skins
ByCreating a Custom Skins Directory andOverriding DCTBase Files , you can modify the XSL, CSS, and JavaScript
files to customize the Avant Garde 2 skin to best suit your needs.
Creating a Custom Skins Directory
When customizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins, do not modify any files in the DCTBase or AvantGarde (all
versions) directories. All files in these directories are overwritten during upgrades. Instead, you must create a
custom skins directory (copied from your version of the AvantGarde directory) and modify the files in this
directory.
To create a custom skins directory:
1.In the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins directory, copy the correct version of the AvantGarde directory and
paste it in the desired location within the Express directory.
2.Rename the directory.
3.Make any desired customizations in the new directory. Use the information in this section to help you customize
the system.
Once you have created a custom skins directory, you must configure EXAMPLE Express ®to run using your
customized skin.
To configure EXAMPLE Express ®to use your customized skin:
1.Open the Edit Configuration Utility.
87 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

2.In the Virtual Directory list, click the desired EXAMPLE Express ®directory.
3.Under Mode , click Form .
4.On the Web Config tab, in the list of settings, click XSLTDir .
5.In the value text box, enter the relative path to the custom directory from the Global Root Directory \Express
directory (for example, Skins\MySkins ).
6.Click Save .
7.Click Close .
Overriding DCTBase Files
Customizing skins sometimes requires that you override files in the DCTBase directory. To do this, you must create a
custom skins directory, copy the desired templates or functions from the DCTBase files to that directory, and then
make your customizations. Files in the custom skins directory are called after files in the DCTBase directory and
therefore take precedence. For information about creating a custom skins directory, see Creating a Custom Skins
Directory .
When customizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins, do not modify any files in the DCTBase or AvantGarde2
directories. All files in these directories are overwritten during upgrades. Instead, you must create a custom
skins directory (copied from the AvantGarde2 directory) and modify the files within it.
Overriding XSL Files
To override DCTBase .xsl files:
1.In the Content or Common folders in the C:Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Skins\DCTBase\Core\xsl\ directory, locate the file containing the template you wish to
override.
2.Copy the file containing the template you wish to override to the xsl\common or xsl\content folders in the custom
skins directory, and ensure that its name remains the same as it is in the DCTBase directory.
3.In the custom skins file (the one you copied in Step 2), remove all templates you do not wish to override as well
as all non-template elements (other than the <xsl:stylesheet> ) tags, such as <xsl:import> ,
<xsl:output> ,<xsl:variabl e>, etc.
4.Customize the templates you wish to override.
Overriding JavaScript Files
To override DCTBase .js files:
1.Locate the file containing the JavaScript function you wish to override in one of the following directories:
◦DCTBase\Core\devscripts\Billing
◦DCTBase\Core\devscripts\Policy
◦DCTBase\Core\devscripts\common
2.Copy the file containing the function you wish to override to the scripts folder in the custom skins directory and
give it the same name as in the DCTBase directory.
3.In the custom skin file, remove all functions you do not wish to override.
4.Customize the function you wish to override.
88 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Customizing XSL
When customizing XSL files, follow the guidelines below.
Interview Pages
When customizing interview (ManuScript-driven) pages:
•Modify the interview.xsl file and follow the guidelines found in Overriding DCTBase Files .
System Pages
When customizing or creating system pages, follow the sequence of template calls below for building a page.
1.Include a template that matches the root of the content for the page.
2.Within this template, start the process of building the container by calling the buildContainer template in the
dctContainer.xsl file (located in the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\DCTBase\xsl\ directory).
3.Set up the following templates. (These templates will be called by the process begun in Step 2.)
◦processPageHeader – Controls the header content for the page.
◦buildLeftPanelContent – Controls the content of the left panel area of the container.
◦buildPageContent – Controls the main page content.
4.(Optional) In the buildLeftPanelConten t template, call any of the following component templates:
◦buildPolicyLeftNavHeader – Controls the header of the left panel.
◦createSubMenuArea – Renders the left navigation (such as the sub navigation for certain pages).
◦buildPolicyRelatedTasks – Controls the Policy Actions in the left panel.
◦buildPolicyLogonItems – Controls the Login Options in the left panel.
Customizing CSS
You can customize CSS for EXAMPLE Express ®by:
•Customizing a set of global .css files that apply across the entire EXAMPLE Express ®application.
•Customizing individual override files (indicated by the filename x_pagename.css ) that apply to single pages or
portions of the EXAMPLE Express ®application.
•Applying custom CSS styles to specific page elements in a ManuScript. These styles are defined in a single
override file ( x_interview.css ), and are applied to individual fields and page elements in EXAMPLE Author ®. For
more information about creating and applying custom CSS styles in EXAMPLE Author ®, see Working with CSS
Override Styles in the Guide to EXAMPLE Author® .
The x_interview.css file is automatically modified by EXAMPLE Author ®any time styles are edited using
the CSS Manager in Page Designer. This file does not need to be edited by hand.
The table below describes the customizable .css files in the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \css
directory. Use this table to determine which files to modify when customizing CSS.
File Description
buttonDefaults.css Contains default styles for buttons. These can be overwritten by defining specific button
styles in buttons.css.
89 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

buttons.css Contains styles for all links and buttons used in EXAMPLE Express ®.
customContainers.css Contains style definitions for 7 built-in custom containers.
dctExtJsExtensions.css Contains extensions to the Ext JS components, such as the slider bar widget.
dctExtJsOverrides.css Contains styles to override those used by Ext JS.
dctExt-xtheme-blue.css Contains style definitions created to override styles in the blue Ext JS theme.
dctExt-xtheme-gray.css Contains style definitions created to override styles in the gray Ext JS theme.
ext-all-notheme.css Contains default styles for Ext JS components.
ext-xtheme-blue.css Contains style definitions for Ext JS components with a blue color theme.
ext-xtheme-gray.css Contains style definitions for Ext JS components with a gray color theme.
forms.css Contains styles that define how EXAMPLE Express ®(interview pages)are displayed in
the browser. Two standard sets of form layouts exist in the base installation of EXAMPLE
Express ®: vertical and horizontal (across and down).
hyperlinks.css Contains default styles for hyperlinks.
leftNav.css Contains styles controlling left navigation for ManuScript pages. This file is the default file
used to control ManuScript page navigation.
leftNavFloating.css Contains styles controlling the floating navigation panel. This file is only used if floating
navigation is enabled.
main.css Contains styles for many basic HTML elements, such as the body, tables, inputs, etc.
nav.css Contains styles controlling application-level navigation.
popUp.css Contains styles controlling the layout of pop-up window contents.
reset.css Contains style definitions that override those defined by the browser vendor for common
HTML elements. By resetting these definitions to a common baseline, fewer cross-
browser incompatibility issues occur.
This file should not be modified.
style.css Contains styles for visual elements that appear on pages (banners, footers, tabs, font
sizes).
topNav.css Contains styles controlling top navigation for ManuScript pages. This file is used only if
specified for a PageSet in EXAMPLE Author ®.
90 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

x_[pageName].css Contains styles for the page using the [pageName].xsl file. To determine which XSL file a
page is using, click the "Current Information" button on the developer toolbar and look for
the "Active XSL" page name. This information can also be found by searching for the
JavaScript variable "sCurrentPage".
x_interview.css Contains styles applied to a ManuScript page through EXAMPLE Author ®. This file is
intended to be modified by ManuScript developers.
x_interview_main.css Contains styles applied to a ManuScript page through the XSL. This file is intended to be
modified by skins developers.
HTML Div Structure
By default, EXAMPLE Express ®pages include the following container divs:
•wrapper – Controls the overall page width
•banner – Contains branding and top navigation
◦logo – Contains the logo
◦productNavigationDiv – Contains product-level navigation
◦quickSearch – Contains the quick search
◦actionGroup – Contains application-level navigation
◦specialactions – Contains the New Quote feature
•formContent – Controls page content between the banner and footer
◦leftPanelArea – Contains content of the left panel
◦policyActiveSection – Contains information on the active policy, if an active policy exists
◦subActionGroup – Contains the sub navigation for pages (if in interview, contains navigation among
ManuScript pages)
◦relatedActions – Contains policy-related actions if a policy is active
◦logonActions – Contains login options ( Change Password )
◦main – Contains content of the page area between banner and footer to the right of the left panel
◦header – Contains the page header
◦pageTop – Contains page title (pageTitle) and instructional text (pageInst)
•footer — Contains the page footer
Customizing JavaScript
When customizing JavaScript for EXAMPLE Express ®, it is important to understand the JavaScript framework and
processing functions used in EXAMPLE Express ®skins.
JavaScript Frameworks in EXAMPLE Express ®
The EXAMPLE Platform ®uses the ExtJs framework with EXAMPLE Express ®skins. This framework includes, but is
not limited to, the following controls:
•Grid controls
•Calendar control
91 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•Accordion control
•Collapsible panels
•Popups
•Sliders
•Progress bar control
•Quick tips
•Charts
•Alert messages, confirmation messages, Yes/No save messages, and modal pop-ups
Customizing ManuScript Processing
To customize system behavior during ManuScript processing, modify the following variables and functions in the
custom.js file in the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \scripts directory.
Item Description
Variables
_loadingWaitTime Time to elapse (in milliseconds) before displaying a "loading" message when
performing system actions.
Functions
customOnload() Executed when pages are displayed or when any AJAX process causes the container
(the area containing the header, footer, and page tabs) to be redrawn.
skipRequiredChecking() Executed before the doCheck event is called. This function must return a value of true
to skip required checking.
customOnSubmit() Executed before the page or AJAX process is called.
customFieldFormat() Executed before the onBlur and prevent functions. This function allows for field format
changes before submitting a page.
customOnBlur(field) Executed when an onBlur event is executed.
customOnKeyPress(field) Executed when an onKeyPress event is executed (for multi-line text boxes).
customOnClick(field) Executed when an onClick event is executed.
customOnChange(field) Executed when an onChange event is executed.
customOnKeyUp(field) Executed when an onKeyUp event is executed (for multi-line text boxes).
Interview Page Styles
Avant Garde 2 skins control interview page styling using the following two CSS files:
•x_interview – Contains styles applied to a page through EXAMPLE Author ®.
•x_interview_main – Contains styles applied to interview pages through XSL.
92 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Using the Localization Framework
Using the localization framework in the EXAMPLE Platform ®, you can configure the EXAMPLE Platform ®for use with
multiple languages. Depending on your installation of the EXAMPLE Platform ®, you may have to localize any of the
following by using lookup tables:
•XSLT
•JavaScript
•Images
In these sources, lookups should be performed instead of hard-coding the strings so that the system can
react to the current language.
XSLT
To assist in looking up a string, you can use the dctLocalizedDirectory.xsl template found in one of the following
directories (depending on the skin you are using):
•Skins\DCTCore\xsl\ (AvantGarde)
•Skins\DCTBase\Core\xsl\common\ (AvantGarde2)
For example, to use one of the lookup templates:
•In the dashboardHome.xsl file in the Skins\DCTBase\Core\xsl\content\ directory, locate the XSLT code
that resembles the following code sample, and adjust accordingly:
<div id="pageInstruction">
<xsl:text> Welcome to the Policy Administration Dashboard, </xsl:text>
<xsl:value-of select="/page/state/user/fullName"/>
<xsl:text>. </xsl:text>
</div>
All base .xsl files in the EXAMPLE Platform ®(including the dashboardHome.xsl file) have been localized.
Files mentioned on this page are referred to as examples only.
Localizing Custom XSL
If you wish to use a lookup template with your customized XSL, you must convert the code from a hard-coded string to
a localized lookup.
To convert a hard-coded XSL string to a localized lookup (using the example from above):
1.Register the string in a globalization dictionary.
a.Edit the DefaultDictionary.resources file in the Skins\AvantGarde2\xsl\localization\
directory. For information about editing resource files, see Editing Resource Files .
b.Add a new string named WELCOME_PAS_DB and whose value is Welcome to the Policy
Administration Dashboard .
2.Configure the skins to use the new string in the globalization dictionary.
3.Replace the xsl:text XML that contains “Welcome to the Policy Administration Dashboard,” with a lookup. For
example:
93 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

4.Verify that the EXAMPLE Express ®home page says “Welcome to the Policy Administration Dashboard, Express
Admin”.
5.In the Skins\AvantGarde2\xsl\localization\ directory, create a copy of the
DefaultDictionary.resources file and name it DefaultDictionary.fr.resources.
6.Edit the DefaultDictionary.fr.resources file you just created as desired. For information about editing resource
files, see Editing Resource Files .
7.Add or edit the WELCOME_PAS_DB string, and give it a unique value such as “Welcome to the Policy
Administration Dashboard,” in French.
8.Modify your browser language settings and verify that the Policy Administration dashboard now reads, "Welcome
to the Policy Administration Dashboard," in French. For information about changing your browser language, see
Changing Browser Languages .
JavaScript
JavaScript code uses the same resource files as XSLT code, but those resource files are available in a format that is
natural to the JavaScript language. All strings stored in the resource file are converted into globally available string
variables. For example, the DefaultDictionary.resources file gets converted at runtime to these lines of JavaScript
code:
DCT.Strings.TEST = "Test";
DCT.Strings.WELCOME_PAS_DB = "Welcome to the Policy Administration Dashboard,";
As a result, hard-coded strings throughout the JavaScript code can be replaced with references to these string
variables to achieve localization. The skins will automatically set the variable appropriately based on the language
specified in the browser.
To make accessing string variables easier, you can use the T() function. This function, declared in EXAMPLE Express ®
skins, translates values by finding its value in the DCT.String namespace. For example:
T('TEST')
T('WELCOME PAS DB')
One benefit of using the T() function is that if the key is not present in the DCT.Strings namespace, it is returned as if it
were the value.
The following table displays some examples of keys and the values returned by each.
Key Value Returned
T('TEST') // Test
DCT.Strings.TEST Test
T('MISSING KEY') // MISSING KEY
DCT.Strings.MISSING KEY Undefined
To use these strings:
•Use the DCT.Strings namespace or the T() function as desired in any JavaScript in the skin.
The Avant Garde 2 skins are configured to make these string variables available on any page.
94 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Localizing Custom JavaScript
The following example illustrates how to successfully localize your custom JavaScript.
Example:
Assume that a customer-specific business requirement requires that an alert check box which states, "Hello world!",
displays in the appropriate language each time the user presses TAB to navigate to the next field in EXAMPLE
Express ®.
To implement this change:
1.In the Skins\AvantGarde2\xsl\localization\ directory, modify the DefaultDictionary.resources file by adding a new
BLUR_EVENT_FIRED string with a value of Hello World . For more information about editing resource files, see
Editing Resource Files .
2.(optional) Register the string in a second resource file for another language by creating a new
DefaultDictionary.es.resources file (copied from the DefaultDictionary.resources file) and then editing the
BLUR_EVENT_FIRED string with a value of Hola mundo!
3.Configure EXAMPLE Express ®skins to use the newly-created string in the globalization dictionary by adding the
following line of code to the customOnBlur function:
alert(T('BLUR_EVENT_FIRED'));
To test the change above:
1.In EXAMPLE Express ®, load a quote, leave a required field blank, and attempt to navigate to the next field by
pressing TAB.
2.Verify that a message saying, "Hello world!"" or "Hola mundo!" (depeinding on the current browser culture)
appears.
When no resource file is present, the language defaults to the invariant culture.
Testing EXAMPLE Express ®with Another Language
To test EXAMPLE Express ®with another language:
1.In the Skins\AvantGarde2\xsl\localization\ directory, copy the DefaultDictionary.fr.resources file .
2.Edit the copy of the DefaultDictionary.resources file you just created. For information about editing resource files,
see Editing Resource Files.
3.Add or edit the REQD_FIELD_NOT_BLANK string, and give it a unique value such as “Ceci est un champ
obligatoire et ne peut pas être blanc." in French.
4.Modify your browser language settings and verify that the dashboard now reads “Ceci est un champ obligatoire et
ne peut pas être blanc.” in French. For information about changing browser languages, see Changing Browser
Languages ,
Images
Some images in the EXAMPLE Express ®skins contain text, and will need to be localized if being used with a language
other than English. For example, assume that a business requirement exists to display a different logout icon for
French users in EXAMPLE Express ®.
Using the example above, adhere to the following steps to replace the padlock image with another image:
1.Localize the image found at Skins/AvantGarde2/images/icons/lock_open.png for the French culture (fr-
FR).
95 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

2.Locate the desired image file, and save it as lock_open.png in the Skins/AvantGarde2/images/icons/fr-
FR/directory.
Localized image files can be saved as .jpg, .gif, and .png files.
3.Change your browser language settings and then verify in EXAMPLE Express ®that the changes have been
implemented. For information about changing browser language settings, see Changing Browser Languages .
Changing Browser Languages
Localizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins requires that you change your browser language settings. You can change your
browser language settings by:
•Changing the language in your Web browser. For more information, see Changing Your Browser Language in a
Web Browser .
•Modifying the value of the appSettings configuration setting in the Express\web.config file. For more information,
seeChanging Your Browser Language Using a Configuration Setting .
Using a configuration setting to modify your browser language settings is recommended when changing
the browser language on multiple machines at once.
Changing Your Browser Language in a Web Browser
Using a Web browser, you can change the language to be used by the EXAMPLE Platform ®.
Changing Your Browser Language in Internet Explorer
To change your browser language in Internet Explorer:
1.On the Tools menu, click Internet Options .
96 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

2.On the General Tab, click Languages .
The Languages dialog box appears.
3.In the Language Preference dialog box, click Add.
The Add Language dialog box appears.
4.In the Add Language dialog box, select a language from the list, and then click OK.
You can change the order of preference of the browser languages by selecting a language and then
clicking Move Up orMove Down . To remove a language from the list, select the language you wish to
remove, and then click Remove .
5.Repeat steps four and five until you have added all of the languages you wish to use.
6.Click OKtwice.
The expected behavior of the platform is to use the first language listed. If dictionaries are not available
for that language, the system will default back to English (the invariant culture).
Changing Your Browser Language in Mozilla Firefox
To change your browser language in Mozilla Firefox:
97 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

1.On the Tools menu, click Options .
The Options dialog box appears.
2.On the Content tab, in the Languages section, click Choose .
The Languages dialog box appears.
3.Select the language you wish to use from the Select a langauge to add... drop-down list, ant then click Add.
The language is added to the list of preferred languages.
You can change the order of preference of the browser languages by selecting a language and then
clicking Move Up orMove Down . To remove a language from the list, select the language you wish to
remove, and then click Remove .
4.Repeat step three until you have added all of the languages you wish to use.
5.Click OKtwice.
The expected behavior of the EXAMPLE Platform ®is to use the first language listed. If dictionaries are
not available for that language, the system will default back to English (the invariant culture).
Changing Your Browser Language Settings Using a Configuration Setting
Using a configuration setting, you can override the language of the captions currently displayed on the screens of the
EXAMPLE Platform ®.
98 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•In the Express\Web.config settings, change the value of the OverrideLanguageForScreens attribute in the
appSettings section to the desired language. For example, <add key="OverrideLanguageForScreens" value="en-
US">.
This attribute will intially be blank to maintain compatibility with previous versions of the EXAMPLE Platform ®. When
the attribute is blank, the EXAMPLE Platform ®will generate the screen captions and dates to the language setting of
the browser. This means that different users may see the same screen in different languages depending on the
browser settings. However, if the EXAMPLE Express ®Web.config language attribute is set to a valid language setting,
the screen captions and dates will be formatted for that language for all users.
Resource Files
With regard to the EXAMPLE Platform ®, lookup tables refer to resource files to determine the appropriate text for a
given culture or language. As of EXAMPLE Platform ®4.2.2, EXAMPLE Express ®skins now ship with an
xsl\localization\ directory that contains resource files. These files serve as dictionaries of strings that are
accessed by the XSLT through the templates in the dctLocalizedDictionary.xsl file. The .NET framework currently
supports the following three culture types for use with localization:
Culture Type File Name Purpose
Invariant Culture DefaultDictionary.resources Default text for all strings
Neutral Culture •DefaultDictionary.en.resources
•DefaultDictionary.fr.resources•English overrides
•French overrides
Specific Culture •DefaultDictionary.en-US.resources
•DefaultDictionary.fr-FR.resources•US specific English overrides
•French specific overrides
Editing Resource Files
Using the EXAMPLE Platform ®, you can edit resource files to control the text to be used for a specific culture or
language.
Because .resx files are XML-based, .resources files should be converted to .resx files when editing them. To do this,
use a tool such as ResGen.exe, which ships with the Microsoft Windows SDK.
Resource files can also be easily converted between the two formats from a command line. For example:
•Convert DefaultDictionary.resources to DefaultDictionary.resx (for editing)
•ResGen.exe DefaultDictionary.resources DefaultDictionary.resx
•Convert DefaultDictionary.resx back to DefaultDictionary.resources (for runtime use)
•ResGen.exe DefaultDictionary.resx DefaultDictionary.resources
Because it is overwritten during installation, It is recommended that you do not modify the
DefaultDictionary.resources file (or any other file shipped in the AvantGarde or AvantGarde2
99 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

directories). Instead, it is recommended that you create a custom skin and modify its
DefaultDictionary.resources file.
.resx files must be converted back to .resources format prior to being used in a runtime environment.
Buttons
You can create custom buttons for use with the Avant Garde 2 skin using the following files:
•buttonDefaults.css – Sets the default styles for buttons. For more information, see buttonDefaults.css .
•buttons.css – Contains style definitions for 15 built-in button types. For more information, see buttons.css .
•custom-buttons.css – File where all custom buttons are defined. For more information, see custom-buttons.css .
•globalButton.psd – Pre-divided template for creating buttons. For more information, see globalButton.psd .
buttonDefaults.css
The buttonDefaults.css file sets default styles for buttons. These default styles can be overwritten in the buttons.css
and custom-buttons.css files.
The following table list some notable classes you can use with the buttonDefaults.css file.
Class Description
g-btn-bar Forces multiple buttons contained in a <div> to align side-by-side instead of stacking vertically.
g-btn Sets default button height to 24px and right margin to 10px. Applied to every button file.
g-btn-l, g-
btn-m, g-
btn-rCorresponds to the left, middle, and right sections of a button. Background images are set to g-btn-
slice.png. By default, the background position is set to the position of the green button in g-btn-
slice.png.
g-btn-left,
g-btn-rightDetermines the position of icons.
g-btn-text Sets the default font size to 0.9em , font weight to bold, and font color to #333333 .
buttons.css
The buttons.css file contains style definitions for 15 built-in button types. The name of each button can be specified as
the value of the button type parameter in EXAMPLE Author ®.
This file imports the defaults from the buttonDefaults.css file.
custom-buttons.css
The custom-buttons.css file is used to define custom buttons. To effectively use the custom-buttons.css file:
1.Create a custom theme. For information about creating a custom theme, see Themes .
100 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

You must create a custom theme before defining custom buttons.
2.In the cssfolder in your custom theme directory, open the custom-buttons.css file.
3.In the buttons.css file, copy the code for an existing button. The following is an example of a button definition:
.g-myButton .g-btn-text{ color:
#ffffff;}
.g-myButton .g-btn-l{ background-position: 0px 0px; }
.g-myButton .g-btn-m{ background-position: 0px -24px; }
.g-myButton .g-btn-r{ background-position: 0px -48px; }
.g-myButton .g-btn-img-left{ }
.g-myButton .g-btn-img-right{ }
4.Paste the code into the custom-buttons.css file.
5.Replace the button name (myButton in this case) with a new name for your custom button.
6.Modify your button as desired.
The following table lists some notable classes that you can use with the custom-button.css file.
Class Description
g-btn-text Changes the color of the button text.
g-btn-l, g-btn-m, g-btn-r Adjusts the background position for each section of the button in the g-btn-
slice.png file.
g-btn-img-left, g-btn-image-
rightAdjusts the icon poosition by adding padding to the left or to the right.
globalButton.psd
The globalButton.psd file (located in the C:\Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Express\Skins\AvantGarde2\Photoshop Source directory) is a pre-divided template for
creating new custom buttons.
To use the globalButton.psd file:
1.Add your custom button design under the existing images.
101 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

2.Use the 7-pixel wide slice on the left side of the image as a guide for creating the left, middle, and right slices of
the button.
3.On the Filemenu, click Save for Web and Devices .
The Save dialog box appears.
4.Navigate to the C:\Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Express\Skins\AvantGarde2\images\ directory, name the file g-btn-slice.png , and then
click Save .
The slice will now be used in the buttons.css file as the background image for your new button style.
Custom Containers
You can create custom containers (elements containing other HTML elements) for use with the Avant Garde 2 skin
using the following files:
•customContainers.css – Contains style definitions for seven built-in custom containers. For more information,
seecustomContainers.css .
•ccTemplate.psd – Pre-divided template for creating a custom container. For more information, see
ccTemplate.psd .
•custom-cc.css – Location where custom containers are defined. For more information, see custom-cc.css .
customContainers.css
The customContainers.css file contains style definitions for the following built-in custom containers.
102 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

The name of each custom container can be specified as the value of the Custom Container parameter in
EXAMPLE Author ®.
The following table displays the seven custom containers stored in the customContainers.css file.
Custom Container Image
GrayPanel
LightPanel
BluePanel
BlackBorder
103 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

MinimalLightGray
MinimalWhite
PlainWhite
ccTemplate.psd
The ccTemplate.psd file (located in the C:\Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Express\Skins\AvantGarde2\Photoshop Source directory) is a pre-divided template that
can be used to create a custom container.
To use the ccTemplate.psd file:
1.In Adobe Photoshop, replace the sample container with your own design.
2.On the Filemenu, click Save for Web and Devices .
The Save dialog box appears.
3.Navigate to the C:\Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Express\Skins\AvantGarde2\images\cc\ directory, create a new folder, and then click
Save .
By default, the sections are saved as cc-t.png, cc-tl.png, cc-tr.png, etc.
custom-cc.css
The custom-cc.css file is where all custom containers are defined. To use this file:
1.Create a custom theme. For information about creating a custom theme, see Themes .
104 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

You must create a custom theme before defining custom containers.
2.In the cssfolder in your custom theme directory, open the custom-cc.css file.
3.In the customContainers.css file, copy the code for an existing container. The following is an example of a
container definition:
.cc_CustomExample > .cc-bubble-tl {background: transparent url(../images/cc/
CustomExample/cc-tl.png) no-repeat left top;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > .cc-bubble-tr {background: transparent url(../
images/cc/CustomExample/cc-tr.png) no-repeat right top;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > .cc-bubble-tc {background: transparent
url(../images/cc/CustomExample/cc-t.png) repeat-x 0 top; height:15px;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > div > .cc-bubble-title
{padding-top:0px;padding-bottom:12px;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > div > .cc-bubble-title > span
{font-weight:bold;}
.cc_CustomExample > .cc-bubble-bwrap {background: transparent;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > .cc-bubble-ml {background: transparent url(../
images/cc/CustomExample/cc-l.png) repeat-y 0 0;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > .cc-bubble-ml {padding-left:10px;zoom:1;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > .cc-bubble-mr {background: transparent
url(../images/cc/CustomExample/cc-r.png) repeat-y right 0;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > .cc-bubble-mr {padding-right:10px;zoom:1;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > div > .cc-bubble-mc {background: #fff;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > div > div > .cc-bubble-body {background:
transparent;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > .cc-bubble-bl {background: transparent url(../
images/cc/CustomExample/cc-bl.png) no-repeat 0 bottom;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > .cc-bubble-br {background: transparent
url(../images/cc/CustomExample/cc-br.png) no-repeat right bottom;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > div > .cc-bubble-bc {background:
transparent url(../images/cc/CustomExample/cc-b.png) repeat-x 0 bottom;}
4.In the custom-cc.css file, paste the code.
5.Replace the the container name (CustomExample in this case) with the name of the folder where your custom
container images are stored.
6.Modify the value of the bottom padding in the following line of code from the example above:
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > div > .cc-bubble-title
{padding-top:0px;padding-bottom:12px;}
To adjust the horizontal position of a container:
•In EXAMPLE Author ®, add an alignHeader custom parameter and enter left,center , orright as the value.
By default, all container titles align to the left.
Developer Toolbar
The Duck Creek Developer Toolbar is designed to provide easy access to information and actions that are helpful for
debugging and development.
105 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Duck Creek Developer Toolbar Tools
The Duck Creek Developer Toolbar includes the following tools:
•Current Information – Displays useful ManuScript, session, system, skin, and user information.
•Cutoff Inspector – When a parent element is not wide enough, the Cutoff Inspector identifies the child elements
that are cut off. For example, the ZIP code field has been cut off in the following image:
To view additional details about the child elements being cut off as well as their parent element, click the problem
indicator button
 .
106 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

The Cutoff Inspector dialog box appears.
•Skip Required Field Checking – Allows a developer to proceed to the next page without filling out required
fields.
•ExtJs Theme Previewer – Allows a developer to preview an ExtJs theme.
•ManuScript ID – Displays the active ManuScript ID. Additional details about the ManuScript can be seen by
using the Current Information tool.
•Execute JavaScript – Allows a developer to execute JavaScript quickly and easily.
•Ext.query Counter – Returns the length of the array returned by Ext.query("INPUT SELECTOR"); .
The following table provides examples of some information returned by Ext.query("INPUT SELECTOR:); .
Input Description
div Returns a count of divs on a page.
input[type=text] Returns a count of text inputs on a page.
#main
*[class^=x_]Returns a count of elements in main area with styles generated in EXAMPLE Author ®
applied.
The Duck Creek Developer Toolbar is comprised of two groups of tools.
The following tools can be found on the left side of the toolbar:
107 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

The following tools can be found on the right side of the toolbar:
Enabling the Duck Creek Developer Toolbar
To enable the Duck Creek Developer Toolbar:
•In the Express\Web.config file, set the value of the ShowDeveloperTools configuration setting to 1.
The toolbar displays at the bottom of the browser.
Themes
Avant Garde 2 skins include a theme system designed to provide an additional layer to which users can apply style
customizations.
Creating a Custom Theme
To create a custom theme:
1.In the C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies\Express\Skins\[CUSTOM SKIN]\themes \
directory, create the following files in the following folders:
File name Description
images
cc Used for custom container images.
css
108 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

theme.css Imports the custom-cc.css, custom-buttons.css, and custom-ext.css files.
custom-cc.css Used for custom container definitions.
custom-buttons.css Used for custom button definitions.
custom-ext.css Used for theme-specific ExtJs CSS overrides.
2.In the theme.css file in the C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies\Express\Skins\[CUSTOM
SKIN]\themes\[CUSTOM THEME]\css \ directory, add the following import statements to the beginning of the
file:
@import url(custom-ext.css);
@import url(custom-cc.css);
@import url(custom-buttons.css);
3.Save the file.
If the skin.config file is configured to use a custom theme, the theme.css file will automatically be used.
The custom-cc.css, custom-buttons.css, and custom-ext.css files must be imported at the beginning of
the theme.css file.
4.In the skin.config file for the custom skin, change the value of the <Theme name> setting to the name of your
custom theme.
5.Save the file.
The custom theme is enabled, custom style definitions can be applied to it, and custom images can be added to
the custom theme's Images directory.
Customizing Avant Garde 2.1 Skins
EXAMPLE Express ®5.0 includes Avant Garde 2.1 skins. Avant Garde 2.1 skins continue Accenture Duck Creek
Technologies, Inc. effort to move toward an object oriented model using the Ext JS 3.4 Framework. Moving towards an
object oriented model, the following enhancements have been made:
•All Ext JS features are availble for customizations
•Customizations are easier through overrides and extensions
•Maintenance is easier
•Code duplication is eliminated
•Page rendering is more efficient
Avant Garde 2.1 skins configure controls as objects based on class attributes (DCT.InputIntField or
DCT.InputFloatField). Each control is built based on its type. Each DCT class individually validates, formats, sets
focus, and handles events based on its class. Classes can be globally extended or overridden at the base class or
specific child input class for any property or method. All Ext JS methods or properties may be available to be extended
or overridden. For Avant Garde 2.1 skin customizations that do not affect JavaScript controls, see Customizing Avant
Garde 2 Skins .
109 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Behavior Changes
Out of the box, Avant Garde 2.1 controls validate input fields as data is entered. For example, a field such as a
telephone number input field will not accept alphabetical characters. Alert messages were removed and replaced with
visual cues and indicators. The following shows input fields with indicators of required fields. Unless the fields are
completed, the user will not be able to navigate to the next page.
Customizing Avant Garde 2.1 Skins
Customizing skins has been made easier with Avant Garde 2.1. Each control is in its own file, and extending or
overriding a control is done at the child class for individual fields or at the base class for all field types. Once a property
has been added or removed, it is defined in the data-config section of the XSLT file for the control that was changed.
Changes are made in one place (XSLT, child class, or base class) depending on the extent of the change.
Making Changes in the XSLT Files
To add or remove properties from controls, make changes to the data-config attribute in the XSLT file. Helper
templates are provided to add properties to the data-config attribute. To add a new property, call the template called
"addConfigProperty" and customize any of three parameters that it will accept.
name — Name of the property
value — Value for the property
type — Type of property (string, number, Boolean, object, array, regEx)
The following is an example of the template:
<xsl:template name="addConfigProperty">
<xsl:param name="name"/>newpropertyname</xsl:with-param>-->
<xsl:param name="value"/>newpropertyvalue</xsl:with-param>-->
<xsl:param name="type"/>string</xsl:with-param>-->
Making Changes in the ExtJs Files
Each control in Avant Garde 2.1 has its own source file that makes finding and customizing the control easier. All the
source files are located in the C:\Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Express\Skins\DCTBase\Core\devscripts\ commonfolder. To make changes to specific
fields, customizations can be done at the child class. The following is a code sample of the child class available for
customizations in the Ext JS controls.
DCT.InputStringField = Ext.extend(DCT.InputField, {
inputXType: 'dctinputstringfield',
110 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

setValidator: function(config) {
config.validator = this.checkstring;
},
setFormatter: function(config) {
switch (config.dct.JSFormatter)
{
case: 'upper':
config.formatter = this.formatUpper;
break;
case 'lower' :
config.formatter = this.formatLower;
break;
case 'string':
config.formatter = this.formatString;
break;
}
}
To make changes across fields, customize the Ext JS at the base class. The following is a code sample of the base
class available for customizations in the Ext JS controls.
Ext.override (Ext.BoxComponent,   {
skipRequiredChecking: false,
customOnBlur:  function ()   {
},
customOnChange: function ()    {
},
customFieldFormat: function ()   {
},
fieldChanged: function ()  }
fieldChanged.set () ;
this.customOnChange () ;
},
The following is a list of source files and features that are available.
Control Source File Class Name Features
Accordian
panelsdctAccordians.js DCT.Accordian
DCT.AccordianItem•Handles creating accordian parent and
accordian panel items
•Sets the accordian items to the control
and assigns the panel that should be
expanded
•Assigns listeners to handle the Ajax
processing before the primary panel is
expanded
111 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Checkboxes dctCheckboxes.js DCT.CheckboxGroup
DCT.CheckboxField•Establishes the checkbox group and
checkbox items
•Sets debug information if Web.config
key is turned on
•Creates the checkbox group as vertical
or horizontal based on the
configuration passed
•Sets event listeners for check, focus,
and afterrender
•Fires field processing if the field is
checked or unchecked
•Notifies focus is set if the field is
selected
Dates dctInterviewDates.js DCT.InterviewDate •Setting whether Today button is
available based on minimum or
maximum dates
•Sets debug information if Web.config
key is turned on
•Sets maxlength if passed
•Assigns event listeners for blur,
change, focus, and afterrender
•Sets date format
•Handles U.K. and U.S. formats
•Validation is done by the ExtJs control
Display
(read only)dctDisplayFields.js DCT.DisplayField •Sets debug information if the
Web.config key is turned on
112 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Dropdowns/
CombosdctComboField.js DCT.ComboField •Auto filtering to allow a user to filter a
list
•Selection of an item will fire selection
event for processing
•Hover Help for items in a list
•Hover Help for a selected item
•Handles focus notification
•Sets debug information if the
Web.config key is turned on for list
and input fields
•Handles optimum sizing based on the
items in the list
Editor grids dctBaseGrids.js DCT.EditorGridPanel •Defines the datastore information to
process the list of data that displays
◦Includes defining the record
structure and the URL proxy to
use to obtain the data. If
processing is through an Ajax call,
the data will be displayed based
on the data returned for the page
instead of retrieving it again.
•Defines and assigns the selection
model to use for highlighting and
selecting rows
•Defines the grid view to use for the grid
•Creates the paging toolbar if there are
more items to display than the user
can view
•Defines and assigns the column model
definition for the column headers
•Assigns the listeners for row clicks,
sorting change, after editing, and
before editing
◦Before editing event will handle
creating the specific form field
control for editing data
◦After editing will handle
processing the Ajax call for the
entered data and assignment of
data to a hidden field on the page
113 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Email dctInputEmailFields.js DCT.InputEmailField •Assigns the validation routine to
validate email values
•Sets the validation type process to
mask the field for correct characters
and validation
•Sets debug information if Web.config
key is turned on
•Sets event listeners for blur, change,
focus, and afterrender
•Fires field processing if the field loses
focus
•Notifies focus is set if the field receives
focus
Extended
dropdownsdctExtendedDropDown.js DCT.ExtendedComboField •Extension of a regular dropdown
•No Auto-filtering
•Selection of an item will fire the
selection event for processing
•Hover Help for items in the list
•Hover Help for a selected item
•Handles focus notification
•Sets debug information if the
Web.config key is turned on for the list
and input field
•Handles optimum sizing based on
items in the list
•Defines a template layout for styling
the data for the user
114 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

File upload dctInputFileFields.js DCT.InputFileField •Assigns the validation routine for
required checking
•Sets debug information if the
Web.config key is turned on
•Sets event listeners for blur, change,
focus, keypress, and afterrender
•Fires field processing if the field loses
focus
•Notifies focus is set if the field receives
focus
•Creates a control that looks the same
across all browsers
Floats dctInputFloatFields.js DCT.InputFloatField •Assigns the validation routine to
validate float values
•Assigns formatter to format the field
with commas and currency symbol
once the user leaves the field
•Assigns culture symbols to be used
during formatting and validation
•Assigns getter method for validation
routine to strip culture symbols before
validation checking
•Sets debug information if Web.config
key is turned on
•Sets masking routine to mask invalid
characters for the float field
•Sets event listeners for blur, change,
focus, and afterrender
•Fires field processing if the field loses
focus
•Notifies focus is set if the field receives
focus
115 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Grid editor
controlsdctEditorComboFields.js
dctEditorInputFields.js
dctEditorNumberFields.js
dctEdiorCheckBoxes.jsDCT.EditorComboField
DCT.EditorInputField
DCT.EditorNumberField
DCT.EditorCheckBoxField•Extended from the base controls to
process data within editable grids
•Available only at the time a user edits
data in a row or column field in an
editable grid
◦Controls will have limited
functionality since they are
temporary
◦Combos are only selectable
◦Input fields will have validation but
not formatting
•Controls are destroyed once the user
leaves the field
Integers dctInputIntFields.js DCT.InputIntField •Assigns the validation routine to
validate integer value
•Assigns formatter to format the number
with commas once the user leaves the
field
•Assigns culture symbols to be used
during formatting and validation
•Assigns getter method for validation
routine to strip culture symbols before
validation checking
•Sets debug information if Web.config
key is on
•Sets masking routine to mask invalid
character for integer fields
•Sets event listeners for blur, change,
focus, and afterrender
•Fires field processing if the field loses
focus
•Notifies focus is set if the field recieves
focus
116 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

IP Address dctInputIPFields.js DCT.InputIPField •Sets the validation type process to
mask the field for correct characters
and validation
◦Checks for numbers and periods
•Sets debug information if Web.config
key is turned on
•Sets event listeners for blur, change,
focus, and afterrender
•Fires field processing if the field loses
focus
•Notifies focus is set if the field receives
focus
Phone dct.InputPhoneFields.js DCT.InputPhoneField •Assigns the validation routine to
validate and mask phone fields
•Sets the formatter to handle formatting
if formatmask has been set
◦Formats for U.S. format
•Sets the validation type process to
mask the field for correct characters
and validation
◦Checks for numbers, parentheses,
and dashes
•Sets debug information if Web.config
key is turned on
•Sets event listeners for blur, change,
focus, and afterrender
•Fires field processing if the field loses
focus
•Notifies focus is set if the field receives
focus
Progress
BardctProgressBar.js DCT.ProgressBar •Handles creating progress bar control
•Sets width of control
•Sets the text displayed within the
control
•Assigns control to the progress bar
collection to help manage multiple
controls
117 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Radio
buttonsdctRadiobuttons.js DCT.RadioGroup
DCT.RadioField•Establishes the radio group and radio
items
•Sets debug information if the
Web.config key is turned on
•Creates the radio group as vertical or
horizontal based on the configuration
passed
•Calculates widths of each radio button
to span the group width correctly
•Sets event listeners for check, focus,
and afterrender
•Fires field processing if the field is
checked or unchecked
•Notifies focus is set if the field is
selected
•Radio field is reused for Extended
radios
Slider dctSliders.js DCT.ComparisonSlider •Handles creating slider control
•Sets width of the control
•Sets the maximum value for the control
to calculate the tick values
•Sets the listeners to handle
changecomplete and change events
•Assigns initial value for the display
•Creates the datastore object for
available values
•Displays comparison values above the
slider
118 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

SSN dctInputSSNFields.js DCT.InputSSNField •Assigns the validation routine to
validate and mask SSN fields
•Sets the formatter to handle formatting
if formatmask has been set
◦Formats for U.S. format
•Sets the validation type process to
mask the field for correct characters
and validation
◦Checks for numbers and dashes
•Sets debug information if Web.config
key is turned on
•Sets event listeners for blur, change,
focus, and afterrender
•Fires field processing if the field loses
focus
•Notifies focus is set if the field receives
focus
String dctInputStringFields.js DCT.InputStringField •Assigns the validation routine to
validate string values
•Sets the formatter to handle formatting
if formatmask has been set
◦Formats for uppercase,
lowercase, specific string layout,
or no formatting
•Sets debug information if Web.config
key is turned on
•Sets event listeners for blur, change,
focus, and afterrender
•Fires field processing if the field loses
focus
•Notifies focus is set if the field receives
focus
119 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Tab panels dctTabs.js DCT.TabPanel •Handles creating tabs per section that
is identified through
EXAMPLE Author ®
•Sets the tab panel items to the control
and assigns the panel that should be
shown first
•Assigns a listener to handle the before
tab change
Text area dctTextAreaFields.js DCT.TextAreaField
•Assigns required, regular expression,
and max length validation checking
•Sets debug information if the
Web.config key is turned on
•Sets event listeners for blur, change,
focus, keypress, and afterrender
•Fires field processing if the field loses
focus
•Notifies focus is set if the field receives
focus
•Styles the width and height based on
the formatmask configuration
Time dctInputTimeFields.js DCT.InputTimeField •Assigns the validation routine to
validate and mask time fields
•Sets the validation type process to
mask the field for correct characters
and validation
◦Checks for military time or
standard time format
•Sets debug information if Web.config
key is turned on
•Sets event listeners for blur, change,
focus, and afterrender
•Fires field processing if the field loses
focus
•Notifies focus is set if the field receives
focus
120 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

ZIP code dctInputZipCodeFields.js DCT.InputZipCodeField •Assigns the validation routine to
validate ZIP code values
•Sets the validation type process to
mask the field for correct characters
and validation
•Sets debug information if Web.config
key is turned on
•Sets event listeners for blur, change,
focus, and afterrender
•Fires field processing if the field loses
focus
•Notifies focus is set if the field receives
focus
Buttons
You can create custom buttons for use with the Avant Garde 2 skin using the following files:
•buttonDefaults.css – Sets the default styles for buttons. For more information, see buttonDefaults.css .
•buttons.css – Contains style definitions for 15 built-in button types. For more information, see buttons.css .
•custom-buttons.css – File where all custom buttons are defined. For more information, see custom-buttons.css .
•globalButton.psd – Pre-divided template for creating buttons. For more information, see globalButton.psd .
buttonDefaults.css
The buttonDefaults.css file sets default styles for buttons. These default styles can be overwritten in the buttons.css
and custom-buttons.css files.
The following table list some notable classes you can use with the buttonDefaults.css file.
Class Description
g-btn-bar Forces multiple buttons contained in a <div> to align side-by-side instead of stacking vertically.
g-btn Sets default button height to 24px and right margin to 10px. Applied to every button file.
g-btn-l, g-
btn-m, g-
btn-rCorresponds to the left, middle, and right sections of a button. Background images are set to g-btn-
slice.png. By default, the background position is set to the position of the green button in g-btn-
slice.png.
g-btn-left,
g-btn-rightDetermines the position of icons.
g-btn-text Sets the default font size to 0.9 em , font weight to bold, and font color to #333333 .
121 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

buttons.css
The buttons.css file contains style definitions for 15 built-in button types. The name of each button can be specified as
the value of the button type parameter in EXAMPLE Author ®.
This file imports the defaults from the buttonDefaults.css file.
custom-buttons.css
The custom-buttons.css file is used to define custom buttons. To effectively use the custom-buttons.css file:
1.Create a custom theme. For information about creating a custom theme, see Themes .
You must create a custom theme before defining custom buttons.
2.In the cssfolder in your custom theme directory, open the custom-buttons.css file.
3.In the buttons.css file, copy the code for an existing button. The following is an example of a button definition:
.g-myButton .g-btn-text{ color:
#ffffff;}
.g-myButton .g-btn-l{ background-position: 0px 0px; }
.g-myButton .g-btn-m{ background-position: 0px -24px; }
.g-myButton .g-btn-r{ background-position: 0px -48px; }
.g-myButton .g-btn-img-left{ }
.g-myButton .g-btn-img-right{ }
4.Paste the code into the custom-buttons.css file.
5.Replace the button name (myButton in this case) with a new name for your custom button.
6.Modify your button as desired.
The following table lists some notable classes that you can use with the custom-button.css file.
Class Description
g-btn-text Changes the color of the button text.
g-btn-l, g-btn-m, g-btn-r Adjusts the background position for each section of the button in the g-btn-
slice.png file.
g-btn-img-left, g-btn-image-
rightAdjusts the icon poosition by adding padding to the left or to the right.
globalButton.psd
The globalButton.psd file (located in the C:\Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Express\Skins\AvantGarde2\Photoshop Source directory) is a pre-divided template for
creating new custom buttons.
To use the globalButton.psd file:
1.Add your custom button design under the existing images.
122 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

2.Use the 7-pixel wide slice on the left side of the image as a guide for creating the left, middle, and right slices of
the button.
3.On the Filemenu, click Save for Web and Devices .
The Save dialog box appears.
4.Navigate to the C:\Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Express\Skins\AvantGarde2\images\ directory, name the file g-btn-slice.png , and then
click Save .
The slice will now be used in the buttons.css file as the background image for your new button style.
Creating a Custom Skins Directory
When customizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins, do not modify any files in the DCTBase or AvantGarde2.1
directories. All files in these directories are overwritten during upgrades. Instead, you must create a custom
skins directory (copied from the AvantGarde2 directory) and modify the files in this directory.
To create a custom skins directory:
1.In the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins directory, copy the AvantGarde2 .1directory and paste it in the
desired location within the Express directory.
2.Rename the directory.
3.Make any desired customizations in the new directory. Use the information in this section to help you customize
the system.
123 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Once you have created a custom skins directory, you must configure EXAMPLE Express ®to run using your
customized skin.
To configure EXAMPLE Express ®to use your customized skin:
1.Open the Edit Configuration Utility.
2.In the Virtual Directory list, click the desired EXAMPLE Express ®directory.
3.Under Mode , click Form .
4.On the Web Config tab, in the list of settings, click XSLTDir .
5.In the value text box, enter the relative path to the custom directory from the Global Root Directory \Express
directory (for example, Skins\MySkins ).
6.Click Save .
7.Click Close .
Custom Containers
You can create custom containers (elements containing other HTML elements) for use with the Avant Garde 2 skin
using the following files:
•customContainers.css – Contains style definitions for seven built-in custom containers. For more information,
seecustomContainers.css .
•ccTemplate.psd – Pre-divided template for creating a custom container. For more information, see
ccTemplate.psd .
•custom-cc.css – Location where custom containers are defined. For more information, see custom-cc.css .
customContainers.css
The customContainers.css file contains style definitions for the following built-in custom containers.
The name of each custom container can be specified as the value of the Custom Container parameter in
EXAMPLE Author ®.
The following table displays the seven custom containers stored in the customContainers.css file.
Custom Container Image
GrayPanel
124 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

LightPanel
BluePanel
BlackBorder
MinimalLightGray
MinimalWhite
125 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

PlainWhite
ccTemplate.psd
The ccTemplate.psd file (located in the C:\Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Express\Skins\AvantGarde2\Photoshop Source directory) is a pre-divided template that
can be used to create a custom container.
To use the ccTemplate.psd file:
1.In Adobe Photoshop, replace the sample container with your own design.
2.On the Filemenu, click Save for Web and Devices .
The Save dialog box appears.
3.Navigate to the C:\Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Express\Skins\AvantGarde2\images\cc\ directory, create a new folder, and then click
Save .
By default, the sections are saved as cc-t.png, cc-tl.png, cc-tr.png, etc.
custom-cc.css
The custom-cc.css file is where all custom containers are defined. To use this file:
1.Create a custom theme. For information about creating a custom theme, see Themes .
You must create a custom theme before defining custom containers.
2.In the cssfolder in your custom theme directory, open the custom-cc.css file.
3.In the customContainers.css file, copy the code for an existing container. The following is an example of a
container definition:
.cc_CustomExample > .cc-bubble-tl {background: transparent url(../images/cc/
CustomExample/cc-tl.png) no-repeat left top;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > .cc-bubble-tr {background: transparent url(../
images/cc/CustomExample/cc-tr.png) no-repeat right top;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > .cc-bubble-tc {background: transparent
url(../images/cc/CustomExample/cc-t.png) repeat-x 0 top; height:15px;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > div > .cc-bubble-title
{padding-top:0px;padding-bottom:12px;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > div > .cc-bubble-title > span
{font-weight:bold;}
126 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

.cc_CustomExample > .cc-bubble-bwrap {background: transparent;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > .cc-bubble-ml {background: transparent url(../
images/cc/CustomExample/cc-l.png) repeat-y 0 0;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > .cc-bubble-ml {padding-left:10px;zoom:1;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > .cc-bubble-mr {background: transparent
url(../images/cc/CustomExample/cc-r.png) repeat-y right 0;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > .cc-bubble-mr {padding-right:10px;zoom:1;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > div > .cc-bubble-mc {background: #fff;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > div > div > .cc-bubble-body {background:
transparent;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > .cc-bubble-bl {background: transparent url(../
images/cc/CustomExample/cc-bl.png) no-repeat 0 bottom;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > .cc-bubble-br {background: transparent
url(../images/cc/CustomExample/cc-br.png) no-repeat right bottom;}
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > div > .cc-bubble-bc {background:
transparent url(../images/cc/CustomExample/cc-b.png) repeat-x 0 bottom;}
4.In the custom-cc.css file, paste the code.
5.Replace the the container name (CustomExample in this case) with the name of the folder where your custom
container images are stored.
6.Modify the value of the bottom padding in the following line of code from the example above:
.cc_CustomExample > div > div > div > .cc-bubble-title
{padding-top:0px;padding-bottom:12px;}
To adjust the horizontal position of a container:
•In EXAMPLE Author ®, add an alignHeader custom parameter and enter left,center , orright as the value.
By default, all container titles align to the left.
Customizing CSS
You can customize CSS for EXAMPLE Express ®by:
•Customizing a set of global .css files that apply across the entire EXAMPLE Express ®application.
•Customizing individual override files (indicated by the filename x_pagename.css ) that apply to single pages or
portions of the EXAMPLE Express ®application.
•Applying custom CSS styles to specific page elements in a ManuScript. These styles are defined in a single
override file ( x_interview.css ), and are applied to individual fields and page elements in EXAMPLE Author ®. For
more information about creating and applying custom CSS styles in EXAMPLE Author ®, see Working with CSS
Override Styles in the Guide to EXAMPLE Author® .
The x_interview.css file is automatically modified by EXAMPLE Author ®any time styles are edited using
the CSS Manager in Page Designer. This file does not need to be edited by hand.
The table below describes the customizable .css files in the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \css
directory. Use this table to determine which files to modify when customizing CSS.
File Description
127 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

buttonDefaults.css Contains default styles for buttons. These can be overwritten by defining specific button
styles in buttons.css.
buttons.css Contains styles for all links and buttons used in EXAMPLE Express ®.
customContainers.css Contains style definitions for 7 built-in custom containers.
dctExtJsExtensions.css Contains extensions to the Ext JS components, such as the slider bar widget.
dctExtJsOverrides.css Contains styles to override those used by Ext JS.
dctExt-xtheme-blue.css Contains style definitions created to override styles in the blue Ext JS theme.
dctExt-xtheme-gray.css Contains style definitions created to override styles in the gray Ext JS theme.
ext-all-notheme.css Contains default styles for Ext JS components.
ext-xtheme-blue.css Contains style definitions for Ext JS components with a blue color theme.
ext-xtheme-gray.css Contains style definitions for Ext JS components with a gray color theme.
forms.css Contains styles that define how EXAMPLE Express ®(interview pages)are displayed in
the browser. Two standard sets of form layouts exist in the base installation of EXAMPLE
Express ®: vertical and horizontal (across and down).
hyperlinks.css Contains default styles for hyperlinks.
leftNav.css Contains styles controlling left navigation for ManuScript pages. This file is the default file
used to control ManuScript page navigation.
leftNavFloating.css Contains styles controlling the floating navigation panel. This file is only used if floating
navigation is enabled.
main.css Contains styles for many basic HTML elements, such as the body, tables, inputs, etc.
nav.css Contains styles controlling application-level navigation.
popUp.css Contains styles controlling the layout of pop-up window contents.
reset.css Contains style definitions that override those defined by the browser vendor for common
HTML elements. By resetting these definitions to a common baseline, fewer cross-
browser incompatibility issues occur.
This file should not be modified.
style.css Contains styles for visual elements that appear on pages (banners, footers, tabs, font
sizes).
topNav.css Contains styles controlling top navigation for ManuScript pages. This file is used only if
specified for a PageSet in EXAMPLE Author ®.
128 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

x_[pageName].css Contains styles for the page using the [pageName].xsl file. To determine which XSL file a
page is using, click the "Current Information" button on the developer toolbar and look for
the "Active XSL" page name. This information can also be found by searching for the
JavaScript variable "sCurrentPage".
x_interview.css Contains styles applied to a ManuScript page through EXAMPLE Author ®. This file is
intended to be modified by ManuScript developers.
x_interview_main.css Contains styles applied to a ManuScript page through the XSL. This file is intended to be
modified by skins developers.
HTML Div Structure
By default, EXAMPLE Express ®pages include the following container divs:
•wrapper – Controls the overall page width
•banner – Contains branding and top navigation
◦logo – Contains the logo
◦productNavigationDiv – Contains product-level navigation
◦quickSearch – Contains the quick search
◦actionGroup – Contains application-level navigation
◦specialactions – Contains the New Quote feature
•formContent – Controls page content between the banner and footer
◦leftPanelArea – Contains content of the left panel
◦policyActiveSection – Contains information on the active policy, if an active policy exists
◦subActionGroup – Contains the sub navigation for pages (if in interview, contains navigation among
ManuScript pages)
◦relatedActions – Contains policy-related actions if a policy is active
◦logonActions – Contains login options ( Change Password )
◦main – Contains content of the page area between banner and footer to the right of the left panel
◦header – Contains the page header
◦pageTop – Contains page title (pageTitle) and instructional text (pageInst)
•footer — Contains the page footer
Customizing XSL
When customizing XSL files, follow the guidelines below.
Interview Pages
When customizing interview (ManuScript-driven) pages:
•Modify the interview.xsl file and follow the guidelines found in Overriding DCTBase Files .
System Pages
When customizing or creating system pages, follow the sequence of template calls below for building a page.
129 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

1.Include a template that matches the root of the content for the page.
2.Within this template, start the process of building the container by calling the buildContainer template in the
dctContainer.xsl file (located in the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\DCTBase\xsl\ directory).
3.Set up the following templates. (These templates will be called by the process begun in Step 2.)
◦processPageHeader – Controls the header content for the page.
◦buildLeftPanelContent – Controls the content of the left panel area of the container.
◦buildPageContent – Controls the main page content.
4.(Optional) In the buildLeftPanelConten t template, call any of the following component templates:
◦buildPolicyLeftNavHeader – Controls the header of the left panel.
◦createSubMenuArea – Renders the left navigation (such as the sub navigation for certain pages).
◦buildPolicyRelatedTasks – Controls the Policy Actions in the left panel.
◦buildPolicyLogonItems – Controls the Login Options in the left panel.
Interview Page Styles
Avant Garde 2.1 skins control interview page styling using the following two CSS files:
•x_interview – Contains styles applied to a page through EXAMPLE Author ®.
•x_interview_main – Contains styles applied to interview pages through XSL.
Overriding DCTBase Files
Customizing skins sometimes requires that you override files in the DCTBase directory. To do this, you must create a
custom skins directory, copy the desired templates or functions from the DCTBase files to that directory, and then
make your customizations. Files in the custom skins directory are called after files in the DCTCore directory and
therefore take precedence. For information about creating a custom skins directory, see Creating a Custom Skins
Directory .
When customizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins, do not modify any files in the DCTBase or AvantGarde2
directories. All files in these directories are overwritten during upgrades. Instead, you must create a custom
skins directory (copied from the AvantGarde2 directory) and modify the files within it.
Overriding XSL Files
To override DCTBase .xsl files:
1.In the Content or Common folders in the C:Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Skins\DCTBase\Core\xsl\ directory, locate the file containing the template you wish to
override.
2.Copy the file containing the template you wish to override to the xsl\common or xsl\content folders in the custom
skins directory, and ensure that its name remains the same as it is in the DCTBase directory.
3.In the custom skins file (the one you copied in Step 2), remove all templates you do not wish to override as well
as all non-template elements (other than the <xsl:stylesheet> ) tags, such as <xsl:import> ,
<xsl:output> ,<xsl:variabl e>, etc.
4.Customize the templates you wish to override.
130 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Overriding JavaScript Files
To override DCTBase .js files:
1.Locate the file containing the JavaScript function you wish to override in one of the following directories:
◦DCTBase\Core\devscripts\Billing
◦DCTBase\Core\devscripts\Policy
◦DCTBase\Core\devscripts\common
2.Copy the file containing the function you wish to override to the scripts folder in the custom skins directory and
give it the same name as in the DCTBase directory.
3.In the custom skin file, remove all functions you do not wish to override.
4.Customize the function you wish to override.
Using the Localization Framework
Using the localization framework in the EXAMPLE Platform ®, you can configure the EXAMPLE Platform ®for use with
multiple languages. Depending on your installation of the EXAMPLE Platform ®, you may have to localize any of the
following by using lookup tables:
•XSLT
•JavaScript
•Images
In these sources, lookups should be performed instead of hard-coding the strings so that the system can
react to the current language.
XSLT
To assist in looking up a string, you can use the dctLocalizedDirectory.xsl template found in one of the following
directories (depending on the skin you are using):
•Skins\DCTCore\xsl\ (AvantGarde)
•Skins\DCTBase\Core\xsl\common\ (AvantGarde2)
For example, to use one of the lookup templates:
•In the dashboardHome.xsl file in the Skins\DCTBase\Core\xsl\content\ directory, locate the XSLT code
that resembles the following code sample, and adjust accordingly:
<div id="pageInstruction">
<xsl:text> Welcome to the Policy Administration Dashboard, </xsl:text>
<xsl:value-of select="/page/state/user/fullName"/>
<xsl:text>. </xsl:text>
</div>
All base .xsl files in the EXAMPLE Platform ®(including the dashboardHome.xsl file) have been localized.
Files mentioned on this page are referred to as examples only.
131 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Localizing Custom XSL
If you wish to use a lookup template with your customized XSL, you must convert the code from a hard-coded string to
a localized lookup.
To convert a hard-coded XSL string to a localized lookup (using the example from above):
1.Register the string in a globalization dictionary.
a.Edit the DefaultDictionary.resources file in the Skins\AvantGarde2\xsl\localization\
directory. For information about editing resource files, see Editing Resource Files .
b.Add a new string named WELCOME_PAS_DB and whose value is Welcome to the Policy
Administration Dashboard .
2.Configure the skins to use the new string in the globalization dictionary.
3.Replace the xsl:text XML that contains “Welcome to the Policy Administration Dashboard,” with a lookup. For
example:
4.Verify that the EXAMPLE Express ®home page says “Welcome to the Policy Administration Dashboard, Express
Admin”.
5.In the Skins\AvantGarde2\xsl\localization\ directory, create a copy of the
DefaultDictionary.resources file and name it DefaultDictionary.fr.resources.
6.Edit the DefaultDictionary.fr.resources file you just created as desired. For information about editing resource
files, see Editing Resource Files .
7.Add or edit the WELCOME_PAS_DB string, and give it a unique value such as “Welcome to the Policy
Administration Dashboard,” in French.
8.Modify your browser language settings and verify that the Policy Administration dashboard now reads, "Welcome
to the Policy Administration Dashboard," in French. For information about changing your browser language, see
Changing Browser Languages .
JavaScript
JavaScript code uses the same resource files as XSLT code, but those resource files are available in a format that is
natural to the JavaScript language. All strings stored in the resource file are converted into globally available string
variables. For example, the DefaultDictionary.resources file gets converted at runtime to these lines of JavaScript
code:
DCT.Strings.TEST = "Test";
DCT.Strings.WELCOME_PAS_DB = "Welcome to the Policy Administration Dashboard,";
As a result, hard-coded strings throughout the JavaScript code can be replaced with references to these string
variables to achieve localization. The skins will automatically set the variable appropriately based on the language
specified in the browser.
To make accessing string variables easier, you can use the T() function. This function, declared in EXAMPLE Express ®
skins, translates values by finding its value in the DCT.String namespace. For example:
T('TEST')
T('WELCOME PAS DB')
One benefit of using the T() function is that if the key is not present in the DCT.Strings namespace, it is returned as if it
were the value.
The following table displays some examples of keys and the values returned by each.
132 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Key Value Returned
T('TEST') // Test
DCT.Strings.TEST Test
T('MISSING KEY') // MISSING KEY
DCT.Strings.MISSING KEY Undefined
To use these strings:
•Use the DCT.Strings namespace or the T() function as desired in any JavaScript in the skin.
The Avant Garde 2 skins are configured to make these string variables available on any page.
Localizing Custom JavaScript
The following example illustrates how to successfully localize your custom JavaScript.
Example:
Assume that a customer-specific business requirement requires that an alert check box which states, "Hello world!",
displays in the appropriate language each time the user presses TAB to navigate to the next field in EXAMPLE
Express ®.
To implement this change:
1.In the Skins\AvantGarde2\xsl\localization\ directory, modify the DefaultDictionary.resources file by adding a new
BLUR_EVENT_FIRED string with a value of Hello World . For more information about editing resource files, see
Editing Resource Files .
2.(optional) Register the string in a second resource file for another language by creating a new
DefaultDictionary.es.resources file (copied from the DefaultDictionary.resources file) and then editing the
BLUR_EVENT_FIRED string with a value of Hola mundo!
3.Configure EXAMPLE Express ®skins to use the newly-created string in the globalization dictionary by adding the
following line of code to the customOnBlur function:
alert(T('BLUR_EVENT_FIRED'));
To test the change above:
1.In EXAMPLE Express ®, load a quote, leave a required field blank, and attempt to navigate to the next field by
pressing TAB.
2.Verify that a message saying, "Hello world!"" or "Hola mundo!" (depeinding on the current browser culture)
appears.
When no resource file is present, the language defaults to the invariant culture.
Testing EXAMPLE Express ®with Another Language
To test EXAMPLE Express ®with another language:
1.In the Skins\AvantGarde2\xsl\localization\ directory, copy the DefaultDictionary.fr.resources file .
133 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

2.Edit the copy of the DefaultDictionary.resources file you just created. For information about editing resource files,
see Editing Resource Files.
3.Add or edit the REQD_FIELD_NOT_BLANK string, and give it a unique value such as “Ceci est un champ
obligatoire et ne peut pas être blanc." in French.
4.Modify your browser language settings and verify that the dashboard now reads “Ceci est un champ obligatoire et
ne peut pas être blanc.” in French. For information about changing browser languages, see Changing Browser
Languages .
Images
Some images in the EXAMPLE Express ®skins contain text, and will need to be localized if being used with a language
other than English. For example, assume that a business requirement exists to display a different logout icon for
French users in EXAMPLE Express ®.
Using the example above, adhere to the following steps to replace the padlock image with another image:
1.Localize the image found at Skins/AvantGarde2/images/icons/lock_open.png for the French culture (fr-
FR).
2.Locate the desired image file, and save it as lock_open.png in the Skins/AvantGarde2/images/icons/fr-
FR/directory.
Localized image files can be saved as .jpg, .gif, and .png files.
3.Change your browser language settings and then verify in EXAMPLE Express ®that the changes have been
implemented. For information about changing browser language settings, see Changing Browser Languages .
Changing Browser Languages
Localizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins requires that you change your browser language settings. You can change your
browser language settings by:
•Changing the language in your Web browser. For more information, see Changing Your Browser Language in a
Web Browser .
•Modifying the value of the appSettings configuration setting in the Express\web.config file. For more information,
seeChanging Your Browser Language Using a Configuration Setting .
Using a configuration setting to modify your browser language settings is recommended when changing
the browser language on multiple machines at once.
Changing Your Browser Language in a Web Browser
Using a Web browser, you can change the language to be used by the EXAMPLE Platform ®.
Changing Your Browser Language in Internet Explorer
To change your browser language in Internet Explorer:
1.On the Tools menu, click Internet Options .
134 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

2.On the General Tab, click Languages .
The Languages dialog box appears.
3.In the Language Preference dialog box, click Add.
The Add Language dialog box appears.
4.In the Add Language dialog box, select a language from the list, and then click OK.
You can change the order of preference of the browser languages by selecting a language and then
clicking Move Up orMove Down . To remove a language from the list, select the language you wish to
remove, and then click Remove .
5.Repeat steps four and five until you have added all of the languages you wish to use.
6.Click OKtwice.
The expected behavior of the platform is to use the first language listed. If dictionaries are not available
for that language, the system will default back to English (the invariant culture).
Changing Your Browser Language in Mozilla Firefox
To change your browser language in Mozilla Firefox:
135 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

1.On the Tools menu, click Options .
The Options dialog box appears.
2.On the Content tab, in the Languages section, click Choose .
The Languages dialog box appears.
3.Select the language you wish to use from the Select a langauge to add... drop-down list, ant then click Add.
The language is added to the list of preferred languages.
You can change the order of preference of the browser languages by selecting a language and then
clicking Move Up orMove Down . To remove a language from the list, select the language you wish to
remove, and then click Remove .
4.Repeat step three until you have added all of the languages you wish to use.
5.Click OKtwice.
The expected behavior of the EXAMPLE Platform ®is to use the first language listed. If dictionaries are
not available for that language, the system will default back to English (the invariant culture).
Changing Your Browser Language Settings Using a Configuration Setting
Using a configuration setting, you can change the language to be used by the EXAMPLE Platform ®.
To change the browser language to be used by the EXAMPLE Platform ®using a configuration setting:
136 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•In the Express\Web.config file, change the value of the DefaultCulture attribute for the appSettings configuration
setting to the desired language. For example:
<add key="DefaultCulture" value="en-US"/>.
Resource Files
With regard to the EXAMPLE Platform ®, lookup tables refer to resource files to determine the appropriate text for a
given culture or language. As of EXAMPLE Platform ®4.2.2, EXAMPLE Express ®skins now ship with an
xsl\localization\ directory that contains resource files. These files serve as dictionaries of strings that are
accessed by the XSLT through the templates in the dctLocalizedDictionary.xsl file. The .NET framework currently
supports the following three culture types for use with localization:
Culture Type File Name Purpose
Invariant Culture DefaultDictionary.resources Default text for all strings
Neutral Culture •DefaultDictionary.en.resources
•DefaultDictionary.fr.resources•English overrides
•French overrides
Specific Culture •DefaultDictionary.en-US.resources
•DefaultDictionary.fr-FR.resources•US specific English overrides
•French specific overrides
Editing Resource Files
Using the EXAMPLE Platform ®, you can edit resource files to control the text to be used for a specific culture or
language.
Because .resx files are XML-based, .resources files should be converted to .resx files when editing them. To do this,
use a tool such as ResGen.exe, which ships with the Microsoft Windows SDK.
Resource files can also be easily converted between the two formats from a command line. For example:
•Convert DefaultDictionary.resources to DefaultDictionary.resx (for editing)
•ResGen.exe DefaultDictionary.resources DefaultDictionary.resx
•Convert DefaultDictionary.resx back to DefaultDictionary.resources (for runtime use)
•ResGen.exe DefaultDictionary.resx DefaultDictionary.resources
Because it is overwritten during installation, It is recommended that you do not modify the
DefaultDictionary.resources file (or any other file shipped in the AvantGarde or AvantGarde2
directories). Instead, it is recommended that you create a custom skin and modify its
DefaultDictionary.resources file.
.resx files must be converted back to .resources format prior to being used in a runtime environment.
137 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Using EXAMPLE Express® System ManuScripts
The content, appearance, and behavior of certain system pages can be customized by using customized EXAMPLE
ManuScripts™. The following EXAMPLE Express ®system pages can use a customized ManuScript:
•New Quote Selection – Replaces the the XSL versions of the New Quote Selection page (new.xsl, newBasic.xsl,
and newExtended.xsl). See Configuring a New Quote Selection ManuScript .
•Client Details – No XSL equivalent. See Configuring a Client Detail ManuScript .
•Send a Notification/Notification Details – Replaces the XSL versions of the Send a Notification and the
Notification Details pages (messageNew.xsl and message.xsl). When using the Message Detail ManuScript, the
system also uses the messageDetail.xsl page to render part of the page content. See Configuring a Message
Detail ManuScript .
•New Task/Task Details – No XSL equivalent. Uses the Task Detail ManuScript shipped with EXAMPLE Server ®
and the taskDetail.xsl page. See Customizing the Task Detail ManuScript .
For a description of each of the above system ManuScripts, see System ManuScripts .
Configuring a New Quote Selection ManuScript
To configure EXAMPLE Express ®to use a custom ManuScript for the New Quote Selection page:
1.Use EXAMPLE Author ®to create the ManuScript you wish to use for the New Quote Selection page. For
instructions on creating ManuScripts in EXAMPLE Author ®, see the Guide to EXAMPLE Author® .
When customizing the New Quote Selection ManuScript pages, do not modify the
DuckCreekTech_NewQuoteSelectionManuScript (located in the Global Root
Directory \ManuScripts\Admin\US directory). This ManuScript will be overwritten during upgrade
installations. Modifications should be made at the carrier-level.
An out-of-the-box New Quote Selection ManuScript (NewQuoteSelectionPortfolio.xml) is located in the
Global Root Directory \ManuScripts\Admin\NewQuote directory. If desired, you can modify this
ManuScript to meet your individual needs for working at the carrier-level.
2.Open the Edit Configuration Utility.
3.In the Virtual Directory list, click the desired EXAMPLE Express ®directory.
4.Under Mode , click Form .
5.On the Web Config tab, in the list of settings, click the NewQuoteManuScriptID .
6.In the value text box, enter the ManuScript ID of the ManuScript to use.
7.Click Save .
8.Click Close .
If desired, you can configure unique New Quote Selection pages for different types of users. To do so:
1.In the New Quote Selection ManuScript, create a unique PageSet and page for each New Quote Selection page
desired.
138 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

2.In the ContentMap.xml file (or any custom ContentMap file), add a <content> entry for each desired New Quote
Selection page. Perform one of the following actions:
◦Within the class for each <content> entry, specify the PageSet and page to use for that content page.
◦Configure the system to post the following HTML form fields to the New content page:
◦_ManuscriptPageSet — PageSet containing the page to use for the New Quote Selection page.
◦_ManuscriptPage — Page to use for the New Quote Selection page.
If you do not specify a PageSet and page, the system will automatically use the first PageSet and
page in the specified New Quote Selection ManuScript.
3.In the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file (or any custom ApplicationLayoutMap files), specify the desired new quote
content page in each <applicationLayout> element.
The out-of-the-box New Quote Selection ManuScript offers a basic and an extended page. Though these
pages are identical out of the box, you can customize these pages if the New Quote page needs to function
differently for different roles.
Configuring a Client Detail ManuScript
To configure EXAMPLE Express ®to use a custom ManuScript for the Client Details page:
1.Use EXAMPLE Author ®to create the ManuScript you wish to use for the Client Details page. For instructions on
creating ManuScripts in EXAMPLE Author ®, see the Guide to EXAMPLE Author® .
2.Open the Edit Configuration Utility.
3.In the Virtual Directory list, click the desired EXAMPLE Express ®directory.
4.Under Mode , click Form .
5.On the Web Config tab, in the list of settings, click the ClientDetailsManuScriptID .
6.In the value text box, enter the ManuScript ID of the ManuScript to use.
7.Click Save .
8.Click Close .
Configuring a Message Detail ManuScript
To configure EXAMPLE Express ®to use a customized ManuScript for the Send a Notification and Notification Details
pages:
1.Use EXAMPLE Author ®to create the ManuScript you wish to use for the Send a Notification and Notification
Details pages. For instructions on creating ManuScripts in EXAMPLE Author ®, see the Guide to EXAMPLE
Author® .
2.Open the Edit Configuration Utility.
3.In the Virtual Directory list, click the desired EXAMPLE Express ®directory.
4.Under Mode , click Form .
5.On the Web Config tab, in the list of settings, click the MessageDetailsManuScriptID .
6.In the value text box, enter the ManuScript ID of the ManuScript to use.
139 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

7.Click Save .
8.Click Close .
When using the same Message Detail ManuScript with multiple product ManuScripts, the Message
Detail ManuScript and all product ManuScripts must share the same structure. Make sure that all
product ManuScripts share a common mapping for any information used by the Message Detail
ManuScript. There is no system-defined schema for this shared information, but each implementation
must use the same schema paths for the data to be accessed.
Customizing the Task Detail ManuScript
When customizing the New Task and Task Details pages, you can customize the out-of-the-box Task Detail
ManuScript or configure EXAMPLE Express ®to use a custom Task Detail ManuScript.
If customizing the New Task and Task Details pages, do not modify the
DuckCreekTech_TaskDetailManuScript (located in the Global Root Directory \ManuScripts\Admin\US
directory). Changes made in this ManuScript will be overwritten during upgrade installations. Modify
the Carrer_TaskDetailManuScript (located in the Global Root Directory \ManuScripts\CarrierAdmin\US
directory) instead. For additional information, see Customizing the Task Detail ManuScript in
EXAMPLE Express® Reference Guide .
Customizing the Out-of-the-Box Task Detail ManuScript
To customize the out-of-the-box Task Detail ManuScript:
•In EXAMPLE Author ®customize the Carrier_TaskDetailManuScript as desired. For instructions on creating
ManuScripts in EXAMPLE Author ®, see the Guide to EXAMPLE Author® .
Using a Custom Task Detail ManuScript
To configure EXAMPLE Express ®to use a custom Task Detail ManuScript:
1.Use EXAMPLE Author ®to create the ManuScript you wish to use for the New Task and Task Details pages. For
instructions on creating ManuScripts in EXAMPLE Author ®, see the Guide to EXAMPLE Author® .
An out-of-the-box Carrier Task Detail ManuScript (Carrier_TaskDetailManuScript.xml) is located in the
Global Root Directory \ManuScripts\CarrierAdmin\US directory. If desired, you can modify this
ManuScript to contain the desired logic.
2.Open the Edit Configuration Utility.
3.In the Virtual Directory list, click the desired EXAMPLE Express ®directory.
4.Under Mode , click Form .
5.On the Web Config tab, in the list of settings, click the TaskDetailManuScriptID .
6.In the value text box, enter the ManuScript ID of the ManuScript to use.
7.Click Save .
8.Click Close .
140 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Customizing Interview (ManuScript) Pages
Carriers can control the appearance of interview (ManuScript) pages by defining the content and layout of each page in
EXAMPLE Author ®. In addition, carriers can further control the appearance of these pages through custom styles and
format masks.
For instructions on creating and using custom styles in ManuScript pages, see Customizing CSS , and see Working
with CSS Override Styles in the Guide to EXAMPLE Author® .
For instructions on using format masks, see Format Masks andSetting Field Format Masks .
Adding Custom Pages
Custom content pages can be added to EXAMPLE Express ®by using the Edit Configuration Utility to extend the
ContentMap.xml file.
Do not customize the shipped ContentMap files. Instead, make customizations in custom ContentMap
files to prevent changes from being lost during the upgrade process.
You must reset EXAMPLE Express ®(run DCTReset.exe) for any customizations to OnDemand files
(PostActionMap.xml, ContentMap.xml, and ApplicationLayoutMap.xml) to appear.
Creating Custom ContentMap Files
The ContentMap.xml file is configured so that a particular implementation of EXAMPLE Express ®can have multiple
ContentMap.xml files at the path specified by the ContentFactory configuration setting in the Express\Web.config file. If
desired, you can create a custom ContentMap file in addition to ContentMap.xml. At runtime, the system will use the
following files at the path specified by the ContentFactory configuration setting. (For each of the following files,
[MapFile] is the file name specified in the ContentFactory configuration setting.)
•[MapFile].xml
•[MapFile]*.xml
•Custom[MapFile].xml
Custom map files should adhere to the following naming convention: Custom[MapFile].xml , where [MapFile]
is the text specified in the appropriate Express\Web.config setting (e.g., ContentMap, PostActionMap,
ApplicationLayoutMap). The [MapFile]*.xml convention is reserved for Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. use
only. If you have migrated your custom map files from a previous version of the EXAMPLE Platform ®, Duck
Creek Technologies, Inc. recommends that you apply the Custom[MapFile].xml naming convention to your
custom files.
Because the EXAMPLE Platform ®combines all files that use the above naming conventions, keep the following tips in
mind when using a custom ContentMap file:
•Be sure no conflicts exist among any items defined in any ContentMap file.
141 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•If you create backup copies of ContentMap files, move those files to a different directory, or do not include the
specified text in the file name.
•The system loads map files in the following order:
◦[MapFile].xml
◦[MapFile]*.xml
◦Custom[MapFile].xml
Customizing ContentMap Files
To create a new content page, you must:
1.Add the new class to a class library to build the custom XML content. For more information about adding a new
class, see Adding a New Class (below).
2.In the Global Root Directory\Express\Skins\CustomSkin\xsl directory, create an .xsl file to handle the content of
the page.
3.Publish the new content to the ContentMap.xml file. For a description of the attributes of each <content> entry,
see<content> Attributes (below).
4.(Optional) Extend the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file to contain the new content item. For information about
customizing this file, see Customizing ApplicationLayoutMap.xml .
Adding a New Class
The base class for any content page is based on the following class. Each derived content page overrides the
Process() method to build the XML content for the page:
namespace DuckCreek.OnDemand
{
/// <summary>
/// Base Class for each content page in the OnDemand framework
/// </summary>
public class ContentPage
{
public ContentPage()
{
}
public virtual void Process(PageState state,
System.Collections.Specialized.NameValueCollection requestForm)
{
}
public virtual string MenuName(ContentFactory factory, string ContentName)
{
// default will get menu name from the factory map file, derived classes may
override for special behavior.
XmlElement Elem = factory.GetEntry(ContentName);
return (Elem == null)? "" : Elem.GetAttribute("menu");
}
}
}
The following is an example of a new class in a class library. The class should be derived from the ContentPage and
implement an override to the Process() method that creates the XML content for the page. In this example, the
142 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

assembly is the DLL file name of the class library in which it resides. The type name of the above example would be
typeName="MyCompany.Express.SpecialContent" .
using System;
using System.Collections.Generic;
using System.Text;
using System.Xml;
using DuckCreek.OnDemand;
// namespace is used to publish the class name to the content factory.
namespace MyCompany.Express
{
// class name is used to publish the class name to the content factory.
public class SpecialContent: ContentPage
{
public override void Process(PageState state,
System.Collections.Specialized.NameValueCollection requestForm)
{
// get <content> node from ResponseDoc (XmlDocument) to place XML on this page
XmlNode content = state.ResponseDoc.DocumentElement.SelectSingleNode("content");
// TODO: build your custom content here
XmlDocument MyContent = new XmlDocument();
MyContent.LoadXml("<myContent><todo>Build your content here</todo></myContent>");
// insert into the <content> for this page (may be repeated if more content
needed)
content.AppendChild(content.OwnerDocument.ImportNode(MyContent.DocumentElement,
true));
}
}
}
<content> Attributes
The following table describes the attributes of each <content> entry in the ContentMap.xml file.
Node Description
name Unique name for the content page. This name should also be the name of an .xsl file in the Global
Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \xsl folder.
assembly Assembly DLL name. The assembly should reside in the directory defined in the runtimeRoot
configuration setting in the Server.Config file.
typeName Class name in the assembly that is the ContentPage-based class for the provided overridden
Process() method.
menu ID of the menu in the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file (or any custom ApplicationLayoutMap file) that
defines which menu to display with the content page. If the value of this attribute is null, the system will
use the menu defined by the active portal.
143 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Adding or Customizing Modules
You can customize the out-of-the-box modules available for the Policy Administration Dashboard (or any other page),
or create new ones.
Customizing an Out-of-the-Box Module
You can customize an out-of-the-box module by overriding it with a customized version of the module in the
dctCustomModules.xsl file.
To override an out-of-the-box module:
1.In the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\DCTCore\xsl directory, open dctDashboard.xsl .
2.Copy the XSL template with the match attribute that matches the ID of the module you wish to override:
◦New quote module — newQuote
◦Recently Accessed module — mruQuote
◦Notification module — notifications
◦Task module — taskQueue
3.In the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \xsl directory, open dctCustomModules.xsl.
4.Paste the copied template into dctCustomModules.xsl.
5.Make any desired changes to the module.
6.Save and close dctCustomModules.xsl.
Creating a New Module
To create a custom module:
1.In the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \xsl directory, open dctCustomModules.xsl .
2.Add an XSL template with a match attribute that looks for a specific <module> element by ID. Specify a unique
ID. (This ID will be assigned to the module during its creation in Step 4.)
For example: match="module[@id='myID']"
3.Set the mode attribute on the template to content .
4.Add a <div> element as a child of the XSL template, and give it an idattribute with the value of the ID specified in
Step 2.
5.Add a class attribute with a value of x-hide-display .
(This allows the ExtJS objects in the dctDashboard.js file to move the content to the correct location based on the
page layout definition without requiring it to initially load elsewhere.)
6.Add custom XSL code to the <div> element to create the module content.
7.Save and close dctCustomModules.xsl.
8.In the Global Root Directory \Express\App_Data directory, open ApplicationLayoutMap.xml .
9.Configure any desired <pageLayout> elements to specify the new module by ID. Give the module specified a
content attribute with the identifier for a content page that will load the required content.
144 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Using the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file, you can add external content to a module. For information
about using external content with EXAMPLE Express ®, see Using External Content in
EXAMPLE Express® .
10. Save and close ApplicationLayoutMap.xml .
Adding Custom Express Actions
You can add custom Express Actions to EXAMPLE Express ®by using the Edit Configuration Utility to extend the
PostActionMap.xml file.
Do not customize the shipped PostActionMap files. Instead, make customizations in custom
PostActionMap files to prevent changes from being lost during the upgrade process.
You must reset EXAMPLE Express ®(run DCTReset.exe) for any customizations to OnDemand files
(PostActionMap.xml, ContentMap.xml, and ApplicationLayoutMap.xml) to appear.
Creating Custom PostActionMap Files
The PostActionMap.xml file is configured so that a particular implementation of EXAMPLE Express ®can have multiple
PostActionMap.xml files at the path specified by the PostActionFactory configuration setting in the Express\Web.config
file. If desired, you can create a custom PostActionMap file in addition to PostActionMap.xml. At runtime, the system
will use the following files at the path specified by the PostActionFactory configuration setting. (For each of the
following files, [MapFile] is the file name specified in the PostActionFactory configuration setting.)
•[MapFile].xml
•[MapFile]*.xml
•Custom[MapFile].xml
Custom map files should adhere to the following naming convention: Custom[MapFile].xml , where
[MapFile] is the text specified in the appropriate Express\Web.config setting (e.g., ContentMap,
PostActionMap, ApplicationLayoutMap). The [MapFile]*.xml convention is reserved for Duck Creek
Technologies, Inc. use only. If you have migrated your custom map files from a previous version of
the EXAMPLE Platform ®, Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. recommends that you apply the
Custom[MapFile].xml naming convention to your custom files.
Because the EXAMPLE Platform ®combines all files that use the above naming conventions, keep the following tips in
mind when using a custom PostActionMap file:
•Be sure no conflicts exist among any items defined in any PostActionMap file.
•If you create backup copies of PostActionMap files, move those files to a different directory, or do not include the
specified text in the file name.
•The system loads map files in the following order:
145 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

◦[MapFile].xml
◦[MapFile]*.xml
◦Custom[MapFile].xml
Customizing PostActionMap Files
To create a new Express Action, you must:
1.Add the new class to a class library that performs the action. For more information about adding a new class, see
Adding a New Class (below).
2.(Optional) Modify your custom post action to force navigation to a specific content page.
3.Publish the new post action to the PostActionMap.xml file. For a description of the attributes of each <action>
entry, see <action> Attributes (below).
4.(Optional) If the action requires a file download, configure or override the ResponseCode , and override the three
download methods. For more information, see Configuring File Download (below).
Adding a New Class
The base class for any Express Action is based on the following class. Each derived action overrides the Process()
method to build the XML content for the page.
namespace DuckCreek.OnDemand
{
/// <summary>
/// Each post-back action will have a PostAction-derived class for the activities
/// </summary>
public class PostAction
public const string
POSTACTIONRESPONSE_NORMAL = "",
POSTACTIONRESPONSE_DOWNLOAD = "download";
public PostAction()
{
}
public virtual void Process(PageState state,
System.Collections.Specialized.NameValueCollection requestForm)
{
}
public virtual string ResponseCode(PostActionFactory factory, string ActionName)
{
// pull response code from the map file, derived classes may override
XmlElement Elem = factory.GetEntry(ActionName);
return (Elem == null) ? "" : Elem.GetAttribute("response");
}
public virtual string DownloadSourceFile
{
get { return ""; }
}
public virtual bool DownloadTempFile
{
// indicates to the OnDemand framework that the download file should be deleted.
get { return true; }
146 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

}
public virtual string DownloadBaseFileName
{
get { return ""; }
}
}
}
<action> Attributes
The following table describes the attributes of each <action> entry in the PostActionMap.xml file.
Node Description
name Unique name for the action.
assembly Assembly DLL name. The assembly should reside in the directory defined in the runtimeRoot
configuration setting in the Server.Config file.
typeName Class name in the assembly that is the PostAction-based class that provided the overridden Process()
method.
response Non-blank defines the enumeration of HTTP content-type and content-disposition ("", "download").
Configuring File Download
The following class methods can be overridden to create a content page that works with downloads by adding a new
class to the OnDemand Framework.
Class Method Description
ResponseCode Allows the action to change the HTTP response (download).
DownloadSourceFile URL to the file to be sent from the Web Server. If blank (""), then the entire
state.ResponseDoc.OuterXml is sent as the file.
DownloadTempFile Boolean value indicating that the DownloadSourceFile is a temporary file and should be
deleted after the content is sent to the browser.
DownloadBaseFileName Filename to send in HTTP response as default 'Save As' filename.
The following is an example of a new post action class that downloads a static file:
using System;
using System.Collections.Generic;
using System.Text;
using System.Xml;
using DuckCreek.OnDemand;
namespace ABC.Express
{
class DownloadDocument: PostAction // "ABCdownload" action processing
{
private string m_SourceURL;
147 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

private string m_BaseFileName;
public override void Process(PageState state,
System.Collections.Specialized.NameValueCollection requestForm)
{
try
{
// may need to access form fields to know what has been selected in Browser.
// this example accesses a form field named _selectedFileID, but use
anything.
string FileID = requestForm["_selectedFileID"];
// just put sample data here for now
m_SourceURL = "c:\\Temp\\SomeFile.txt";
m_BaseFileName = "SomeOutpuFile.txt"; // can be any filename
}
catch (Exception e)
{
throw new Exception("Could not download attachment.", e);
}
}
public override string DownloadSourceFile
{
// defines to the OnDemand framework where to find the file to send to the
browser
get { return m_SourceURL; }
}
public override bool DownloadTempFile
{
// indicates to the OnDemand framework to delete file after download.
get { return true; }
}
public override string DownloadBaseFileName
{
// indicates the filename to use when user is prompted for filename
get { return m_BaseFileName; }
}
}
}
Customizing the EXAMPLE Express® Experience
The total EXAMPLE Express ®experience can be customized by specifying which pages should be available in
EXAMPLE Express ®and what each page should contain using the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file available with the
OnDemand Framework. If desired, through the OnDemand Framework and EXAMPLE Express ®skins files, a unique
EXAMPLE Express ®experience can be defined for each type of user that works in EXAMPLE Express ®.
Customizing the EXAMPLE Express ®experience requires modifications to the following items:
•The ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file — This file controls which navigation elements appear in EXAMPLE
Express ®for each type of user and what content appears on each page. If desired, this information can be
148 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

defined for each type of user in the system. For instructions on customizing the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file,
seeCustomizing ApplicationLayoutMap.xml .
•EXAMPLE Express ®Skins — While security permissions defined in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ control the
EXAMPLE Server ®permissions available to each type of user (e.g., whether a particular role can work with
quotes and policies, and which quotes and policies that role can work with), the display of certain features in
EXAMPLE Express ®(e.g., the grid that displays the list of quotes and policies) is controlled through EXAMPLE
Express ®skins files. While roles and privileges in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ control server-level permissions,
EXAMPLE Express ®skins control what interface elements appear on the screen. When customizing EXAMPLE
Express ®, you must modify EXAMPLE Express ®skins to hide or display features as appropriate for each type of
user. For instructions on customizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins to display the desired features for each type of
user, see Customizing Skins Per Role .
Customizing ApplicationLayoutMap.xml
The ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file controls which navigation elements appear in EXAMPLE Express® for each type of
user and what content appears on each page. You can define this information for each type of user in the system by
creating a custom ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file using the Edit Configuration Utility.
Any changes made to the shipped ApplicationLayoutMap.xml files are overridden during the upgrade
process. All changes should be made in the appropriate custom ApplicationLayoutMap files.
You must reset EXAMPLE Express® (run DCTReset.exe) for any changes to appear in EXAMPLE Express ®.
Creating Custom ApplicationLayoutMap Files
The ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file is configured so that a particular implementation of EXAMPLE Express ®can have
multiple ApplicationLayoutMap.xml files at the path specified by the ApplicationLayoutFactory configuration setting in
the Express\Web.config file. If desired, you can create a custom ApplicationLayoutMap file in addition to
ApplicationLayoutMap.xml. At runtime, the system will use the following files at the path specified by the
ApplicationLayoutFactory configuration setting. (For each of the following files, [MapFile] is the file name specified in
theApplicationLayoutFactory configuration setting.)
•[MapFile].xml
•[MapFile]*.xml
•Custom[MapFile].xml
Custom map files should adhere to the following naming convention: Custom[MapFile].xml , where
[MapFile] is the text specified in the appropriate Express\Web.config setting (e.g., ContentMap,
PostActionMap, ApplicationLayoutMap). The [MapFile]*.xml convention is reserved for Duck Creek
Technologies, Inc. use only. If you have migrated your custom map files from a previous version of
the EXAMPLE Platform ®, Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. recommends that you apply the
Custom[MapFile].xml naming convention to your custom files.
Because the EXAMPLE Platform ®combines all files that use the above naming conventions, keep the following tips in
mind when using a custom ApplicationLayoutMap file:
•Be sure no conflicts exist among any items defined in any ApplicationLayoutMap file.
149 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•For any <applicationLayout> elements in the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file that you do not wish to use, set the
default attribute to a value of 0.
•If you create backup copies of ApplicationLayoutMap files, move those files to a different directory, or do not
include the specified text in the file name.
•The system loads map files in the following order:
◦[MapFile].xml
◦[MapFile]*.xml
◦Custom[MapFile].xml
Customizing ApplicationLayoutMap Files
The ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file contains <applicationLayout> elements that define unique implementations of the
EXAMPLE Express ®interface. These <applicationLayout> elements contain the following child elements:
•<menu> and <menuItem> elements — These elements control the navigation elements that appear in
EXAMPLE Express ®and which content page each element loads.
•<pageLayout> elements — These elements control the content of dashboard pages in EXAMPLE Express ®,
such as the Policy Administration dashboard.
When customizing <applicationLayout> elements, you must define a separate <applicationLayout> element for each
role or group of roles that will have a distinct EXAMPLE Express ®configuration. To define these <applicationLayout>
elements, you can modify the out-of-the-box <applicationLayout> elements in the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file
and—if desired—create new ones.
To modify or create an <applicationLayout> element, you must:
Step Description
1 Define the attributes of the <applicationLayout> element.
2 Define the <menu> and <menuItem> elements for the <applicationLayout>.
3 Define any desired <pageLayout> elements.
For instructions on these three procedures, see:
•Defining the Attributes of an <applicationLayout> Element
•Defining the <menu> and <menuItem> Elements
•Defining <pageLayout> Elements
Custom XML can be defined for each application layout using the <customLayout> XML element. Whn debug mode is
enabled (greater than 0), the custom XML is returned in the debugContent.xml file. For example:
</module>
</pageLayout>
<customLayout>
<myElem>Hello World</myElem>
</customLayout>
</applicationLayout>
150 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Defining the Attributes of an <applicationLayout> Element
Each <applicationLayout> element should reside under the <applicationLayoutRoot> element. When a user logs in, the
system loads ApplicationLayoutMap files in the order specified above, combining the content of those files. The
system then uses the last <applicationLayout> that has a default attribute of 1 and a role attribute containing any of the
roles or contexts assigned to that user's home entity. If no matching <applicationLayout> has a default attribute of 1,
the system uses the last <applicationLayout> with a role attribute containing any of the roles or contexts assigned to
that user's home entity. Using the last matching <applicationLayout> enables custom <applicationLayout> elements to
override out-of-the-box <applicationLayout> elements.
Use the table below to help you customize existing <applicationLayout> elements or create new ones.
When modifying the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file or any custom ApplicationLayoutMap file,
be sure that no two <applicationLayout> elements for the same application in any
ApplicationLayoutMap file are applicable for the same role. If more than one
<applicationLayout> element (for the same application) is defined for a single role, the system
will not be able to determine which <applicationLayout> to use.
The <applicationLayout> element uses the following attributes.
AttributeRequired/
OptionalDescription
id Required Unique ID for the <applicationLayout>.
caption Optional Caption of the <applicationLayout>.
application Optional Identity of the target application. Options are:
•PAS
•Billing
•Party
Ifapplication="PAS ", the autoSave function will occur for the policy.
roles Required
(if
excluded
roles is
not
specified)Comma-delimited list of the roles and contexts (custom privileges) that should use the
<applicationLayout>. Any user who has one or more of the specified roles or contexts will
use this layout. Use an asterisk (*) to indicate all roles and contexts.
excluded
rolesRequired
(ifroles is
not
specified)Comma-delimited list of the roles and contexts (custom privileges) that can NOT use the
<applicationLayout>. Any user who does NOT have any of the specified roles or contexts
will use this layout. If a roles attribute exists, this attribute's values will be ignored.
151 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

default Optional Boolean value indicating whether the <applicationLayout> should be the default
application when the user first logs in. This attribute is applicable when a particular role
has access to multiple <applicationLayout> elements (for different applications). A value
of1will cause the system to default to this application when the user logs in.
image Optional Path to the image to use to denote the specific application in the system-level navigation.
This path is relative to the skins directory. This attribute also specifies the image to be
used as an icon on the left side of the menu item. Image icons can be found in the icons
folder in the C:\Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Express\Skins\AvantGarde2\images directory.
xsltDir Optional Relative path to the skins directory to use for the <applicationLayout>.
culture Optional Culture-code identifier that can be used to identify the intended culture of the given
<applicationLayout>.
Defining the <menu> and <menuItem> Elements
Each <applicationLayout> element must contain a <menu> element that defines the <menuItems> that should appear
in EXAMPLE Express ®. Use the table below to help you customize existing <menu> and <menuItem> elements or
create new ones.
You can configure EXAMPLE Express ®to use multi-level navigation by nesting <menu> and <menuItem>
elements within each other.
The <menu> Element
The <menu> element uses the following attributes.
AttributeRequired/
OptionalDescription
name Required Unique ID for the <menu>.
startPage Optional Default start page. If not specified, the first <menuItem> element will be used.
logoutPage Optional Page to be displayed after logging out. If not specified, contentLogin will be used.
logoutURL Optional URL to be displayed after logging out. If specified, this attribute will override the
logoutPage specified.
The <menuItem> Element
The <menuItem> element uses the following attributes.
AttributeRequired/
OptionalDescription
id Required Unique ID for the <menuItem>.
152 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

caption Optional Text to display in EXAMPLE Express ®for the menu item.
If extending the caption of the New Quote <menuItem> beyond the size of
the existing button image, you may need to customize the buttons.css and
associated image files.
content Optional Name of the <pageLayout> or—if the specified <pageLayout> does not exist—the
ContentMap.xml item to call. If blank, the current page will be used unless an action
calls a new page.
action Optional Name of the PostActionMap.xml item to execute when the <menuItem> is selected.
java Required Name of the JavaScript method or action to perform (usually, submitPage ). This
attribute is used by the skin to determine what code to execute on the client/
JavaScript. The following parameters will be passed to the method:
1.content —The value of the content attribute (above)
2.action — The value of the action attribute (above)
location Optional Location for the menu item. Defaults to header . Options are:
•header — In the header (where the application-level navigation appears in the
out-of-the-box screens)
•special — Right edge of the header (where the New Quote action appears in the
out-of-the-box screens)
•extendedLeftNav — In the Policy Actions list
•product — Top edge of the application (where the system navigation appears in
the out-of-the-box screens)
•logonOptions — In the Login Options list
Menu location can be changed by modifying the location attirbute only. You
do not need to recreate CSS definitions and images.
consumer Optional Value indicating how the item should be treated if the user is using consumer access
mode. Options are:
•0— Hide if user is a consumer
•1— Show to all users
•2— Show only if user is a consumer
guest Optional Value indicating how the item should be treated if the user is using guest access
mode. Options are:
•0— Hide if user is a guest
•1— Show to all users
•2— Show only if user is a guest
153 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

login Optional Boolean value indicating whether the menu item is valid only if the user is logged in. A
value of 1indicates the menu item is valid only if logged in.
edit Optional Value indicating whether to display the menu item based on session content. Options
are:
•0— Ignore session content
•1— Hide when no session
•2— Show when session exists
•3— Show if session is "dirty"
security Optional Bit-mask (additive) value of the security levels for which the menu item is applicable.
•0— All users
•1— Agent
•2— Underwriter
•4— Carrier
•8— Admin
multiAgency Optional Boolean value indicating whether the menu item is valid only when the user belongs
to multiple agencies. A value of 1indicates the menu item is valid only when the user
belongs to multiple agencies.
hideInPortfolio Optional Boolean value indicating whether the menu item should be hidden when in a portfolio.
A value of 1indicates the menu item should be hidden when in a portfolio.
Defining <pageLayout> Elements
If desired, the <applicationLayout> element can contain <pageLayout> elements that define dashboard pages. These
dashboard pages can be called by the content attribute of a <menuItem> element. Use the table below to help you
customize existing <pageLayout> elements or create new ones.
The <pageLayout> element uses the following elements and attributes.
AttributeRequired/
OptionalDescription
id Required Unique ID of the <pageLayout>.
<zone> (child of <pageLayout>)
<column> (child of <zone>)
width Required Decimal value from 0 to 1 that specifies the percentage of the page width that the column
should consume.
<module> (child of <column>)
154 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

id Required Unique ID of the module. Out of the box, options are:
•newQuote
•mruQuote
•notifications
•taskQueue
Custom modules can be created by adding templates to the dctCustomModules.xsl
file. For instructions on adding custom modules, see Adding or Customizing Modules .
title Optional Text that will display as the module title in EXAMPLE Express ®.
content Optional Name of the content item to call. Out of the box, options are:
•new
•mru
•messages
•tasks
tabPanel Optional Displays modules in a tab panel. For example:
Valid values include:
•0– Do not display the module in a tab panel.
•1– Display the module in a tab panel.
simple Optional Renders a module without a frame or background. Valid values include:
•0– Do not use a frame or background with the module.
•1– Use a frame or background with the module.
collapsed Optional Renders a module collapsed when the page is loaded. Valid values include:
•0– Do not collapse the module when the page is loaded.
•1– Collapse the module when the page is loaded.
iconCIs Optional Specifies the class to use to load the icon that will be displayed on a tab panel. Out of the
box, the EXAMPLE Platform ®includes some panel icon classes, defined at the bottom of
the style.css file.
<attribute> (child of <module>)
name Required Name of the form variable to be applied to the module. Varies per module. (See table
below for more detail.)
155 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

value Required Value of the form variable to be applied to the module. Varies per module. (See table
below for more detail.)
The following form variables are available for the out-of-the-box modules.
Variable Description Valid Values
newQuote
_ManuScriptPageSet PageSet containing the page to use for
the New Quote module.Name of a PageSet in the ManuScript
specified by the
NewQuoteManuScriptID setting in the
Express\Web.config file.
_ManuScriptPage Page to use for the New Quote
module.Name of a page in the PageSet defined
by the _ManuScriptPageSet variable.
mruQuote
pageSize Number of quotes/policies to display. Integer
notifications
displayCount Number of notifications to display. Integer
showBody Boolean value indicating whether to
show the body of the notification in the
grid control.•0— Do not show body text
•1— Show body text
callbackForList Boolean value indicating whether to
generate list items through an AJAX
callback.•0— Do not generate list through
an AJAX callback
•1— Generate list through an AJAX
callback
taskQueue
_queryFilterSubset Subset prefix name for the keyValue,
keyName, keyConnector, and keyOp
form fields that control the filtering of
list content. Also specifies the
SearchType.Options are:
•QueueAssigned
•QueueUnassigned
•QueueAdmin
start Record number to start the list from.
Usually 1.Integer
limit Maximum number of records to display. Integer
156 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

_keynameQueueAssigned Comma-delimited list of key fields to
filter by.Comma-delimited list
NOTE: Only certain fields are valid. To
determine which are valid, consult the
comments in the
ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file.
_keyvalueQueueAssigned Comma-delimited list of values to filter
by.Comma-delimited list
_keyopQueueAssigned Comma-delimited list of operators for
the filter.Comma-delimited list. Options are:
•contains
•equals
•greater than
•less than
NOTE: Only certain combinations
of fields and operators are valid. To
determine which are valid, consult
the comments in the
ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file.
_keyconnectorQueueAssigned Comma-delimited list of connectors. Comma-delimited list. Options are:
•and
•or
_showFilter Filter to use. Options are:
•Open
•New
•DueToday
•DueThisWeek
•Overdue
_entityID ID of the entity by which to filter the list.
The null value of this variable is used to
clear the entityID and prevent the list
from filtering by entity.null
_QuoteID ID of the quote or policy by which to
filter the list. The null value of this
variable is used to clear the quoteID
and prevent the list from filtering by
quote or policy.null
157 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Customizing Skins Per Role
While roles and privileges in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ control server-level permissions, when
customizing EXAMPLE Express ®to display or hide interface elements for each user, you must modify
EXAMPLE Express ®skins.
In EXAMPLE Express ®skins, the system privileges available in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ are mapped to XSLT
variables defined in the dctSecurity.xsl file (located in the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\DCTCore directory).
This file is imported into the dctContainer.xsl file (also located in the DCTCore directory), where the variables are
available to any EXAMPLE Express ®page.
To modify EXAMPLE Express ®skins to hide or display features as appropriate for each type of user:
•Using the variables specified in the dctSecurity.xsl file, modify each XSL page (located in the Global Root
Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \xsl directory) as desired to specify the privileges required for each feature to
display by referencing those privileges in an xpath expression.
For example, to conditionally render an element based on the canViewQuotes privilege, wrap its rendering XSL
statements in an xsl:ifstatement, such as the following:
<xsl:if test="$canViewQuotes">
...xsl statements that render the page element …
</xsl:if>
To conditionally change the CSS class defined on an element based on a privilege, use an xsl:choose statement,
such as the following:
<div id="exampleElement">
<xsl:attribute name="class">
<xsl:choose>
<xsl:when test="$canUpdateClient">
<xsl:text>elementEnabled</xsl:text>
</xsl:when>
<xsl:otherwise>
<xsl:text>elementDisabled</xsl:text>
</xsl:otherwise>
</xsl:choose>
</xsl:attribute>
</div>
Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. reserves the right to change privilege names and how they map to variables in
future versions. To facilitate future migration processes, use variables to identify the logical right to perform
the described action instead of literal privilege names.
Using External Content in EXAMPLE Express®
Using EXAMPLE Author ®, you can embed content from external URLs in EXAMPLE Express ®to display useful
information such as:
•Advertisements on EXAMPLE Express ®pages. Once on the page, the user can make modifications to those
advertisements without having access to the EXAMPLE Express ®server.
158 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•Terms and Conditions documents on an interview page.
•Various company facts or achievements on the left side of the page during the application process.
Methods of Loading External Content
Before embedding external content in EXAMPLE Express ®, it is important to understand the two methods of doing so:
•HTML – Use the HTML method only for retrieving content that originates from the same domain as EXAMPLE
Express ®(for example, loading the URL "content/TermsOfUse.html" which resides at http://your-site/Express/
content/TermsOfUse.html ).
Loading content(using the HTML method)from external domains can be insecure, and each browser
handles it differently (security warnings, preventing content from loading, etc.).
Since the HTML is being loaded directly into the EXAMPLE Express ®HTML document, the externally-loaded
HTML elements will inherit styling from the EXAMPLE Express ®CSS definitions. This is useful when creating an
external "Terms of Use" HTML page because the <h2> and <p> elements will be styled the identically to the <h2>
and <p> elements throughout the rest of the page.
•iFrame – The iFrame method is the recommended method for loading content from external domains. Using this
method, the external content will be contained in its own frame without being able to interact with EXAMPLE
Express ®.
Since pages in an iFrame are kept separate from EXAMPLE Express ®, iFrame content will not be altered by the
CSS definitions from EXAMPLE Express ®, making them very useful when external content should be displayed
as if it had been opened by itself.
Adding External Content
Out of the box, external content can be applied to:
•Sections through EXAMPLE Author ®
•The left panel through the skin.config file
•Dashboard modules through the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file
Adding External Content to Sections
Using EXAMPLE Author ®, you can embed external content in EXAMPLE Express ®.
To add external content to EXAMPLE Express ®through EXAMPLE Author ®:
1.In Page Designer, click the section to which you wish to add external content.
2.In the Advanced section of the Properties pane, select a value for the Static Content Type property.
Additional properties appear in the Advanced section.
3.Enter values for all desired section properties, and then click Save .
For more information about defining section properties, see Sections in the Guide to EXAMPLE Author ®.
Adding External Content to the Left Panel
You can embed external content in the left panel by making changes to the Skin.config file.
The following configuration settings are available for use with external content:
•ContentUrl
159 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•ContentTitle (optional)
•ContentBorder (optional)
•ContentFrame (optional)
•ContentCollapsible (optional)
•ContentScrollable (optional)
•ContentHeight (optional)
•ContentName (optional)
For information about these configuration settings, see Skin.config Settings .
Adding External Content to Dashboard Modules
You can customize the out-of-the-box modules available for the Policy Administration Dashboard (or any other page),
or create new ones. One way to customize these modules is by adding external content to them. For more information
about adding or customizing dashboard modules, see Adding or Customizing Modules .
Customizing Specific EXAMPLE Express® Features
A number of specific features and functions in EXAMPLE Express ®can be customized, including:
•The Policy Administration Dashboard
•Tasks
•Notifications
•Search options
•The new quote process
•The system loading message
•The navigation
•Help link tab indexes
•Navigation classes
Customizing the Policy Administration Dashboard
If desired, you can customize the Policy Administration Dashboard that appears for each type of user. To customize
the Dashboard, you must modify <pageLayout> elements in the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file. For information about
customizing the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file, see Customizing ApplicationLayoutMap.xml . For information about
<pageLayout> elements, see Defining <pageLayout> Elements .
Customizing Tasks
When customizing the EXAMPLE Express ®task system, you can customize:
•Task categories — If desired, carriers can customize categories for tasks. Out of the box, EXAMPLE Express ®
comes with a single task category: General. For instructions on customizing task categories, see Customizing
Task Categories .
•Reason codes — If desired, carriers can customize reason codes for closing a task. Out of the box, EXAMPLE
Express ®comes with a single reason code: Decline. For instructions on customizing reason codes, see
Customizing Task Reason Codes .
160 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•Task queues — Carriers can set up queues that serve as holding places for tasks. Queue members can pick up
tasks as time and workloads allow. For information on setting up task queues, see Setting Up Task Queues .
•Task generation/management — If desired, carriers can use ManuScript logic to generate and manage tasks
automatically during policy processing. For instructions on setting up ManuScripts to generate tasks
automatically, see Generating and Managing Tasks Automatically .
•Batch processing — If desired, carriers can set up batch processes to query the task system or execute defined
rules or processes. For information about setting up batch processing, see Tasks and Batch Processing .
Customizing Task Categories
If desired, you can customize categories for tasks. Out of the box, EXAMPLE Express ®comes with a single task
category: General. If desired, you can change this category or add new ones.
To customize task categories:
1.Open Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio and navigate to the ExampleData database.
2.In the ExampleData database, navigate to the DC_PLT_Support_CodeLists table.
3.Modify the record for the out-of-the box task category (General), or add a new record for each task category you
wish to add. Specify the following fields for each record:
Field Description Value
CultureCode Standard culture code (e.g., en-US). Allows for localized
variations of codes.Enter the desired
culture code for the
category.
CodeType Value used to group related records in the table into a logical list.
When adding task categories, use PLT_TASKTYPE.Enter
PLT_TASKTYPE .
Code Key value for the entry. This value can be any unique character
string, 20 characters or less.Enter an appropriate
code for the task
category.
SortSequence Default sort order of entries in a list of related records. Number
each entry 1–x to specify the order in which the items will appear
in the list.Null, or enter the
desired number.
Description Caption that will display in EXAMPLE Express ®. This value can
be any unique character string, 20 characters or less.Enter the desired
caption.
BaseCodeIndicator Indicator for whether the record has been customized. Enter FALSEfor any
record you add or
modify.
4.Save and close Management Studio.
Customizing Task Reason Codes
If desired, you can customize reason codes for closing a task. Out of the box, EXAMPLE Express ®comes with a single
reason code: Declined. If desired, you can change this reason code or add new ones.
161 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

To customize reason codes for closing a task:
1.Open Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio and navigate to the ExampleData database.
2.In the ExampleData database, navigate to the DC_PLT_Support_CodeLists table.
3.Modify the record for the out-of-the box reason code (Decline), or add a new record for each reason code you
wish to add. Specify the following fields for each record:
Field Description Value
CultureCode Standard culture code (e.g., en-US). Allows for localized
variations of codes.Enter the desired culture
code for the reason code.
CodeType Value used to group related records in the table into a
logical list. When adding reason codes for closing a task,
use PLT_TASKSTATUSREASON.Enter
PLT_TASKSTATUSREASON .
Code Key value for the entry. This value can be any character
string, 20 characters or less.Enter an appropriate code
for the reason code.
SortSequence Default sort order of entries in a list of related records.
Number each entry 1–x to specify the order in which the
items will appear in the list.Null, or enter the desired
number.
Description Caption that will display in EXAMPLE Express ®. This value
can be any character string, 20 characters or less.Enter the desired caption.
BaseCodeIndicator Indicator for whether the record has been customized. Enter FALSEfor any record
you add or modify.
4.Save and close Management Studio.
Setting Up Task Queues
You can set up task queues in EXAMPLE Express ®when you set up entities, roles, and users in EXAMPLE
UserAdmin™. Any entity can be a task queue for any or all of its member users. To cause an entity to be a task queue
for particular users, you must:
•Assign the entity a role with the desired task privileges.
•Assign that role to the desired users.
For more information about setting up task queues in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™, see the EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ User
Guide .
Generating and Managing Tasks Automatically
If desired, you can use ManuScript logic to generate and manage tasks automatically during policy processing. To do
so, you can use one of two methods:
•EXAMPLE Server ®requests
•Express Actions
162 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

If using EXAMPLE TransACT ®, you can generate and manage tasks automatically using an infrastructure that already
exists in the out-of-the-box EXAMPLE TransACT ®ManuScripts.
EXAMPLE Server ®Requests
You can use the following EXAMPLE Server ®requests to execute task logic from within a ManuScript. For more
information about each request and their attributes, see the EXAMPLE Server® Object Reference .
•<Task.addRq>
•<Task.assignRq>
•<Task.getRq>
•<Task.listRq>
•<Task.listQueuesRq>
•<Task.listQueueUsersRq>
•<Task.setStatusRq>
•<Task.updateRq>
Express Actions
You can use the following Express Actions to execute task logic from within a ManuScript. For more information about
each action or about Express Actions in general, see Express Actions .
Express Action Description
addTaskAttachment Adds an attachment to a task.
assignTask Updates the queue and/or user to which a task is assigned.
deleteTaskAttachment Removes an attachment from a task.
newTask Adds a new task based on the task record located in the session at the path _TaskData/
TaskRecord.
setTaskComplete Sets the status of a task to Complete .
setTaskDeclined Sets the status of a task to Closed , with a reason of Declined .
setTaskDeleted Marks a task for delete. (Sets the status of the task to Deleted .)
setTaskStatus Sets the status of a task.
updateTask Updates a task in the database based on the task record located in the session at the
path _TaskData/TaskRecord.
Using EXAMPLE TransACT ®
When using EXAMPLE TransACT ®, you can use the AttachTaskRule (part of the StatusSet event) to automatically
generate and manage tasks. Out of the box, EXAMPLE TransACT ®uses this rule to handle task management when a
transaction's status changes. This logic works in the following way:
When the StatusSet event is executed, the system checks the PolicyAdminData.UseDCTTasks field in the Basic
Transaction Rules ManuScript. This boolean field is set by a field in the product ManuScript and indicates whether to
163 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

use the out-of-the-box task management infrastructure available on the StatusSet event. If the value of
PolicyAdminData.UseDCTTasks istrue, the system executes the AttachTaskRule. (The
PolicyAdminData.UseDCTTasks field defaults to false .)
The AttachTaskRule executes a field in the product ManuScript containing the desired task logic that should execute
upon a transaction status change. This logic can include adding a task, reassigning a task, updating a task, or
performing any other function available with the various task requests.
If you wish to use the AttachTaskRule:
1.In the desired product ManuScript, add a boolean field pathed to data/policyAdmin/UseDCTTasks . Set the
desired logic to determine whether the system should use the AttachTaskRule upon transaction status change.
2.Also in the product ManuScript, create an additional field called StatusChangeTask.Attach . Set the field to
execute the desired task requests that should execute upon transaction status change.
Tasks and Batch Processing
Management of tasks can be automated using EXAMPLE Platform ®batch processing. Using the Batch Script Editor
(Extended) tool provided with the EXAMPLE Platform ®, batch scripts can be created to query the task system or
execute defined rules or processes. These scripts can then be set to run at scheduled times or initiated manually using
the BatchExecute.exe utility, or initiated manually using the <BatchProcess.processByScriptIdRq> request.
For information about using the Batch Script Editor (Extended) to define batch scripts for tasks, see Using the
Extended Batch Script Editor .
For information about manually initiating batch scripts using the BatchExecute.exe utility, see BatchExecute.exe .
For information about the <BatchProcess.processByScriptIdRq> request, see the EXAMPLE Server® Object
Reference .
Customizing Notifications
When customizing the EXAMPLE Express ®notification system, you can customize:
•Notification types — If desired, carriers can customize types of notifications. Out of the box, EXAMPLE
Express ®comes with five notification types: Cancellation, Invalid Territory, Miscellaneous, Policy Notice, and
Renewal Activity. For instructions on adding notification types, see Customizing Notification Types .
•Notification generation/management — If desired, carriers can use ManuScript logic to generate and manage
notifications automatically during policy processing. For instructions on setting up ManuScripts to generate
notifications automatically and using policy data, see Generating and Managing Notifications Automatically .
•Use of policy data — If desired, notifications can access and use policy data for various operations. For
instructions on using policy data when creating or modifying notifications, see Notifications and Policy Data .
•Batch processing — If desired, carriers can set up batch processes to query the notification system or execute
defined rules or processes. For information about setting up batch processing, see Notifications and Batch
Processing .
Customizing Notification Types
If desired, you can customize types of notifications. Out of the box, EXAMPLE Express ®comes with five notification
types: Cancellation, Invalid Territory, Miscellaneous, Policy Notice, and Renewal Activity. If desired, you can change
these types or add new ones.
To customize notification types:
164 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

1.Open Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio and navigate to the ExampleData database.
2.In the ExampleData database, navigate to the DC_PLT_Support_CodeLists table.
3.Modify the records for the out-of-the box notification types (Cancellation, Invalid Territory, Miscellaneous, Policy
Notice, and Renewal Activity), or add a new record for each type you wish to add. Specify the following fields for
each record:
Field Description Value
CultureCode Standard culture code (e.g., en-US). Allows for localized
variations of codes.Enter the desired
culture code for the
notification type.
CodeType Value used to group related records in the table into a logical
list. When adding notification types, use PLT_MESSAGETYPE.Enter
PLT_MESSAGETYPE .
Code Key value for the entry. This value can be any unique character
string, 20 characters or less.Enter an appropriate
code for the notification
type.
SortSequence Default sort order of entries in a list of related records. Number
each entry 1–x to specify the order in which the items will
appear in the list.Null, or enter the
desired number.
Description Caption that will display in EXAMPLE Express ®. This value can
be any unique character string, 20 characters or less.Enter the desired
caption.
BaseCodeIndicator Indicator for whether the record has been customized. Enter FALSEfor any
record you add or
modify.
4.Save and close Management Studio.
Generating and Managing Notifications Automatically
If desired, you can use ManuScript logic to generate and manage notifications automatically during policy processing.
To do so, you can use one of two methods:
•EXAMPLE Server ®requests
•Express Actions
EXAMPLE Server ®Requests
You can use the following EXAMPLE Server ®requests to execute notification logic from within a ManuScript. For more
information about each request and their attributes, see the EXAMPLE Server® Object Reference .
•<OnlineData.deleteMessageRq>
•<OnlineData.saveMessageRq>
•<OnlineData.setMessageStatusRq>
165 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Express Actions
You can use the following Express Actions to execute notification logic from within a ManuScript. For more information
about each action or about Express Actions in general, see Express Actions .
Express
ActionDescription
deleteMessage Deletes the specified notification from the database.
messageDetail Updates the active notification in the database using the interview content of a Message Detail
ManuScript.
newMessage Displays a New Message page (message.xsl, or—if a Message Detail ManuScript is
used—messageDetail.xsl). Performs no database action. Out-of-the-box pages for EXAMPLE
Express ®4.0 are not designed to use this action.
newNotification Displays a Send a Notification page (messageNew.xsl, or—if a Message Detail ManuScript is
used—messageDetail.xsl). Performs no database action.
readMessage Displays the Notification Details page (message.xsl, or—if a Message Detail ManuScript is
used—messageDetail.xsl) for the specified notification.
saveMessage Updates the specified message in the database from the HTML form fields on the New Message
page (message.xsl). Out-of-the-box pages for EXAMPLE Express ®4.0 are not designed to use
this action.
saveNotification Updates the specified notification in the database from the HTML form fields on the New
Message page (messageNew.xsl).
Notifications and Policy Data
When notifications associated with a particular policy are edited using a Message Detail ManuScript, the Message
Detail ManuScript can access policy data at runtime. This is because the policy data already exists in the session when
a user creates the policy-specific notification.
When a user creates a policy-specific notification, the system appends a <messages> element to the policy data.
EXAMPLE Express ®will update the database with the data in this <messages> element when the notification is saved.
While the Message Detail ManuScript can pull and use policy data from the session, the EXAMPLE Express ®
system will only update the database with data in the <messages> element.
The table below describes the data contained in the <messages> element. For more information about pathing
notification details, see the MessageDetailSchema.xml file available in the Global Root Directory \Schemas directory.
Any changes to items marked as read-only in this element are discarded. (Read-only items are extracted
when the notification content is retrieved from EXAMPLE Server ®and are used for display purposes only.)
166 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

XML DescriptionDatabase Column
(length)
<session> [read-only]
<data id="d0"> [read-only]
<!--policy data goes
here-->Associated policy data. [read-only]
<messages
messageID=""Primary tag for notification details. This tag is used by the
<OnlineData.saveMessageRq> request to determine which
notification to update.MessageID (int 4)
quoteID="" ID of any quotes associated with the notification. Can be null. [read-only]
clientID=""> ID of any clients associated with the notification. Can be null.
The out-of-the-box notifications model does not use this field.[read-only]
<message
messageID=""Notification details. [read-only] (same as
<messages> above)
locked="" Indicator of whether the notification should be locked. Locked (bool)
securityLevel=""> Security level that can access the notification. SecurityLevel (int 4)
<agency /> Agency to which the sender belongs. [read-only]
<sender /> Username of the sender. Sender (50)
<fullname /> Full name of the sender. [read-only]
<securityLevel /> Security level of the sender. [read-only]
<email /> E-mail address of the sender. [read-only]
<subject /> Subject line of the notification. Subject (255)
<sentOn /> Date the notification was sent. SentOn (datetime)
<remindOn /> Remind date. The out-of-the-box notifications model does not
use this field.RemindOn (datetime)
<action /> Type of notification. Action (50)
<notifyEmail /> E-mail address to be notified upon status change or inactivity.
The out-of-the-box notifications model does not use this field.NotifyEmail (50)
<notifyDate /> Date to auto-notify if there is no status change by this date.
The out-of-the-box notifications model does not use this field.NotifyDate (datetime)
167 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

<closedBy /> Username of the person who closed the notification. The out-
of-the-box notifications model does not use this field.ClosedBy (50)
<closedDate /> Date the notification was closed. The out-of-the-box
notifications model does not use this field.ClosedDate (datetime)
<notifyClosedDBy/> Username of the person who closed the notification. The out-
of-the-box notifications model does not use this field.NotifyClosedBy (50)
<notifyClosedDate/> Date when notification was closed. The out-of-the-box
notifications model does not use this field.NotifyClosedDate
(datetime)
<purgeDate/> Date the notification should be purged. PurgeDate (datetime)
<dueDate/> Date the notification is due for action. The out-of-the-box
notifications model does not use this field.DueDate (datetime)
<remindOnHideUntil/> Indicator:
•If1, the notification is not visible until the Remind Date.
•If omitted or 0, the notification is visible.
The out-of-the-box notifications model does not use this
field.RemindOnHideUntil (bool)
<priority/> Numeric priority code. The out-of-the-box notifications model
does not use this field.Priority (int 4)
<body /> Body of the notification. Body (4096)
<misc/> Extended data. XMLData (nvarchar)
<attachments> List of notification attachments. [read-only]
<attachment
attachmentID=""Attachment ID. [read-only]
moniker="" Location where the file is stored on EXAMPLE Server ®. [read-only]
caption="" Caption of the attachment. [read-only]
filename="" Name of the file when attached. [read-only]
attachDate=""/> Date when the file was attached. [read-only]
</attachments> Closing tag. [read-only]
<policyID/> PolicyID of the associated policy. [read-only]
<policyNumber/> Policy number of the associated policy. (Can be null.) [read-only]
<effectiveDate/> Effective Date of the associated policy. (Can be null.) [read-only]
<LOB/> LOB code of the associated policy. (Can be null.) [read-only]
168 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

<message
messageID=" " />(Optional) Repeated sub-messages or comments (replies).
The out-of-the-box notifications model does not use this field.[read-only]
(Custom data here) Custom elements, if defined. [custom columns]
(updated from inside
XMLData area)
</message> Closing tag. [read-only]
<recipients id=""> Controlling tag that enumerates recipients. [read-only]
<recipient Entry for each recipient of the notification, found in the
MessageLinks table. The content of these records resets the
links for the notification.
name="" Enumeration: global, clientID, quoteID, userName, agencyID,
agencyGroupID(MessageLinks.LinkType)
value="" /> Value of the key based on the name enumeration. (MessageLinks.LinkValue)
</recipients> Closing tag.
</messages> Closing tag.
</data> Closing tag.
</session> Closing tag.
When using the same Message Detail ManuScript with multiple product ManuScripts, the Message
Detail ManuScript and all product ManuScripts must share the same structure. Make sure that all
product ManuScripts share a common mapping for any information used by the Message Detail
ManuScript. There is no system-defined schema for this shared information, but each implementation
must use the same schema paths for the data to be accessed.
Notifications and Batch Processing
Management of notifications can be automated using EXAMPLE Platform ®batch processing. Using the Batch Script
Editor (Extended) tool provided with the EXAMPLE Platform ®, batch scripts can be created to query the notification
system or execute defined rules or processes. These scripts can then be set to run at scheduled times or initiated
manually using the BatchExecute.exe utility, or initiated manually using the <BatchProcess.processByScriptIdRq>
request.
For information about using the Batch Script Editor (Extended) to define batch scripts for notifications, see Using the
Extended Batch Script Editor .
For information about manually initiating batch scripts using the BatchExecute.exe utility, see BatchExecute.exe .
169 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

For information about the <BatchProcess.processByScriptIdRq> request, see the EXAMPLE Server® Object
Reference .
Customizing Search Options
When customizing search options, you can customize the Quick Search available on every page, or the advanced
search options available on the Search page.
Customizing QuickSearch Options
If desired, you can customize the options available in the Quick Search.
To customize the Quick Search:
1.In the Global Root Directory \Express\ CustomSkin \xsl directory, open dctCommonControls.xsl .
2.Modify the buildQuickSearch template as desired. Be careful to modify the <when> case that is for the pas
portal type.
3.In the Global Root Directory \Express\DCTCore\scripts directory, open DCTPAS.js .
4.Copy the runQuickSearch() function.
5.Navigate to the Global Root Directory \Express\ CustomSkin \scripts directory, and open custom.js .
6.Paste the copied function into custom.js.
7.Modify the runQuickSearch() function as desired.
Customizing Search Page Options
If desired, you can customize the options available on the Search page by:
•Adding, modifying, or removing the criteria users can search by (e.g., policy number, named insured, phone
number, etc.)
•Modifying or removing the operators available to users when defining search criteria (e.g., contains, is, is not,
etc.)
•Modifying or removing the options for handling multiple search filters (i.e., and, or)
Adding, Modifying, or Removing Criteria
To add, modify, or remove options for users to search by:
1.Open Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio and navigate to the ExampleData database.
2.In the ExampleData database, navigate to the DC_PLT_Support_CodeLists table.
3.Modify or remove the records for the out-of-the box search options (indicated by the CodeType
POL_SRCHPOLFILTER ), or add a new record for each option you wish to add.
A database column in the Quote table must exist for each record with the CodeType
POL_SRCHPOLFILTER . For instructions on extending the database to include custom columns, see the
Guide to EXAMPLE Server® .
Specify the following fields for each record:
170 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Field Description Value
CultureCode Standard culture code (e.g., en-US). Allows for
localized variations of codes.Enter the desired culture code for
the search option.
CodeType Value used to group related records in the table into a
logical list. When adding search options, use
POL_SRCHPOLFILTER.Enter POL_SRCHPOLFILTER .
Code Key value for the entry. This value must be a column
in the Quote table.Enter Quote.[ColumnName] ,
where [ColumnName] is the name
of the desired column.
SortSequence Default sort order of entries in a list of related
records. Number each entry 1–x to specify the order
in which the items will appear in the list.Null, or enter the desired number.
Description Caption that will display in EXAMPLE Express ®. This
value can be any unique character string, 20
characters or less.Enter the desired caption.
BaseCodeIndicator Indicator for whether the record has been
customized.Enter FALSEfor any record you
add or modify.
4.Save and close Management Studio.
Modifying or Removing Operators
To modify or remove the operators available to users when defining search criteria:
1.Open Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio and navigate to the ExampleData database.
2.In the ExampleData database, navigate to the DC_PLT_Support_CodeLists table.
3.Modify or remove the records for the out-of-the box operators (indicated by the CodeType
POL_SRCHFILTEROPT ). Specify the following fields for each record:
Field Description Value
CultureCode Standard culture code (e.g., en-US). Allows for localized
variations of codes.Enter the desired
culture code for the
operator option.
CodeType Value used to group related records in the table into a logical
list. For operator options, the value is POL_SRCHFILTEROPT.Do not modify this field.
Code Key value for the entry. Do not modify this field. Do not modify this field.
SortSequence Default sort order of entries in a list of related records. Number
each entry 1–x to specify the order in which the items will
appear in the list.Null, or enter the
desired number.
171 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Description Caption that will display in EXAMPLE Express ®. This value can
be any unique character string, 20 characters or less.Enter the desired
caption.
BaseCodeIndicator Indicator for whether the record has been customized. Enter FALSEfor any
record you add or
modify.
4.Save and close Management Studio.
Modifying or Removing Handling of Multiple Filters
To modify or remove the options for handling multiple search filters:
1.Open Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio and navigate to the ExampleData database.
2.In the ExampleData database, navigate to the DC_PLT_Support_CodeLists table.
3.Modify or remove the records for the out-of-the box filter options (indicated by the CodeType
POL_SRCHFILTERCNT ). Specify the following fields for each record:
Field Description Value
CultureCode Standard culture code (e.g., en-US). Allows for localized
variations of codes.Enter the desired
culture code for the
filter option.
CodeType Value used to group related records in the table into a logical list.
For filter options, the value is POL_SRCHFILTERCNT.Do not modify this
field.
Code Key value for the entry. Do not modify this field Do not modify this
field.
SortSequence Default sort order of entries in a list of related records. Number
each entry 1–x to specify the order in which the items will appear
in the list.Null, or enter the
desired number.
Description Caption that will display in EXAMPLE Express ®. This value can
be any unique character string, 20 characters or less.Enter the desired
caption.
BaseCodeIndicator Indicator for whether the record has been customized. Enter FALSEfor any
record you add or
modify.
4.Save and close Management Studio.
Using New Quote Selection System Pages
If desired, you can use an EXAMPLE Express ®system page (or a set of system pages) to help users start the new
quote process.
To use an EXAMPLE Express ®system page (or set of pages):
172 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

1.Open the Edit Configuration Utility.
2.In the Virtual Directory list, click the desired EXAMPLE Express ®directory.
3.Under Mode , click Form .
4.On the Web Config tab, in the list of settings, click the NewQuoteManuScriptID .
5.In the value text box, clear the value.
6.Click Save .
7.Click Close .
Be sure to define the desired system page for each <applicationLayout> in your ApplicationLayoutMap.xml
file. For more information about the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file, see Customizing
ApplicationLayoutMap.xml .
Customizing the System Loading Message
EXAMPLE Express ®system pages and version 2 interview (ManuScript) pages display a "loading" message during
long processes. By default, this message appears after four seconds. This number can be customized by modifying the
EXAMPLE Express ®skins.
To customize the number of seconds before the EXAMPLE Express ®loading message appears:
1.In the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \scripts directory, open the custom.js file.
2.Modify the _loadingWaitTime variable to contain the desired time to elapse (in milliseconds) before displaying
the loading message.
3.Save and close custom.js .
Enabling Top Navigation
AvantGarde–based skins support the ability to apply a top-navigation layout to ManuScript pages in place of the default
left-navigation layout. This type of navigation is ideal for ManuScript pages that require maximum screen real estate.
To enable top-navigation layout:
1.In EXAMPLE Author®, open the ManuScript containing the pages you wish to change.
2.In Page Designer, click the PageSet containing the pages you wish to change.
3.On the Definition tab, click Rule Set .
4.In the Rule Set text box, enter topNav.
5.Save and close the ManuScript.
Enabling Help Link Tab Indexes
In AvantGarde–based skins, by default, when users navigate through interview (ManuScript) pages in EXAMPLE
Express ®using the Tabkey, help links are not included in the Tabkey navigation.
To configure tab navigation to include help links:
1.In the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \xsl directory, open the interviewNew.xsl file.
2.Change the following code:
173 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

<xsl:variable name="DisableHelpTabbing">
<xsl:text>1</xsl:text>
</xsl:variable>
to:
<xsl:variable name="DisableHelpTabbing">
<xsl:text>0</xsl:text>
</xsl:variable>
3.Save and close interviewNew.xsl .
In Lila-based skins, help links are included in the Tabkey navigation by default.
Setting Up Navigation Classes
EXAMPLE Express ®skins contain the ability to assign classes to interview (ManuScript) pages created in
EXAMPLE Author ®Page Designer. These classes, called navigation classes , provide the ability to assign certain styles
to pages under certain conditions. Because these assigned classes are exposed in the page definition XML, if desired,
custom skin implementations can also define logic that associates certain behaviors with certain classes. These
features can be used to implement custom functionality such as stoplight functionality, which can be used to alert users
to unfinished or unverified work, or to prevent them from moving forward in a business workflow before completing
specified fields or pages.
Out of the box, EXAMPLE Express ®includes three preset classes that may be assigned to pages in Page Designer:
•Complete — All required fields on the page are complete.
•Incomplete — Required fields on the page are not complete.
•Caution — All required fields on the page are complete, but verification is recommended before proceeding.
While users define rules in EXAMPLE Author ®to determine when a page should be associated with each of the above
classes, the system determines at runtime whether an assigned class is being applied to an active or inactive page. As
a result, the skin defines a total of six classes: one for each of the above classes when the page is active, and one for
each of the above classes when the page is inactive. Thus, the skin contains style definition for the following six
classes:
•activeTabComplete
•inactiveTabComplete
•activeTabIncomplete
•inactiveTabIncomplete
•activeTabCaution
•inactiveTabCaution
Out of the box, the following styling is associated with each of the out-of-the-box classes. At runtime, the system
determines whether the page is active or inactive.
•Complete — Thumbs up sign to the left of the page name on the page tab. (
 )
•Incomplete — Thumbs down sign to the left of the page name on the page tab. (
 )
174 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

•Caution — Halt sign to the left of the page name on the page tab. (
 )
You can assign page classes in EXAMPLE Author ®Page Designer using the Navigation Class property available for
each page. This property is defined using a ManuScript field, usually containing rules that determine when each class
should be assigned. Out of the box, this property will only accept the above three values (Complete, Incomplete, and
Caution), but custom skin implementations can be configured to recognize additional classes.
Customizing the Out-of-the-Box Navigation Classes
To customize the styles associated with the out-of-the-box navigation classes:
1.In the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \css directory, open the style.css file.
2.Modify the following classes as desired:
◦activeTabComplete
◦activeTabCaution
◦activeTabIncomplete
◦inactiveTabComplete
◦inactiveTabCaution
◦inactiveTabIncomplete
Adding Additional Navigation Classes
To add additional navigation classes:
1.In the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins\ CustomSkin \css directory, open the style.css file.
2.Add two CSS classes for each desired navigation class: activeTab[NavigationClass] and
inactiveTab[NavigationClass] .
Appendixes
This section contains information about:
•Using Lila-Based Skins
•EXAMPLE Express ®ManuScript Processing Flow
•Express\Web.config Settings
•Express Actions
•Skin.config File
Using Lila-Based Skins
If desired, the Lila-based skins delivered with EXAMPLE Express ®3.x can be used with EXAMPLE Express ®4.0.
However, substantial differences will exist between an implementation of EXAMPLE Express ®4.0 that uses Lila-based
skins and an implementation that uses Avant Garde–based skins. The table below describes the major differences that
exist between Lila-based and AvantGarde-based skins in EXAMPLE Express ®4.x.
Difference Description
175 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Look and feel Out-of-the-box Lila-based skins provide a different look and feel than out-of-the-box AvantGarde-
based skins, with different color schemes, images, layouts, and text.
Policy
Administration
DashboardOut-of-the-box Lila-based skins do not support a role-based dashboard. Instead, Lila-based skins
include a Home page that displays the five most recently accessed quotes and policies.
Task system Out-of-the-box Lila-based skins do not support the task system available with AvantGarde-based
skins.
Notification
system
(message
system)Out-of-the-box Lila-based skins use a message and diary system instead of a notification system.
Out of the box, Lila-based skins provide the ability to send, receive, and reply to messages, and to
create messages (diary items) that can be attached to clients or policies.
Search
functionalityOut-of-the-box Lila-based skins do not incorporate the Quick Search feature available with
AvantGarde-based skins. In addition, Lila-based skins use an Open page and a Client page to
view and search for policies and clients (respectively), rather than a single search page.
With EXAMPLE Express ®4.x, the System Administration section in EXAMPLE Express ®has been removed.
If using existing Lila-based skins with EXAMPLE Express ®4.x, note that EXAMPLE Express ®will no longer
support the features in the System Administration section. Instead of performing these actions in EXAMPLE
Express ®, users can manage entities, roles, users, and the ExampleData database using EXAMPLE
UserAdmin™.
EXAMPLE Express® ManuScript Processing Flow
The following EXAMPLE Express ®processing occurs when a user executes an action (clicks a button or hyperlink) on
a ManuScript page in EXAMPLE Express ®:
1.If anything on the ManuScript page has changed, the system stores the fields to the session. If the AutoSave
configuration setting in the Express\Web.config file is set to 1, the system saves the session to the database.
2.If a Pre-Action is defined, the system runs the Pre-Action.
3.If an Express Action (also known as a post action) is defined and includes a savecommand, the system saves
the session to the database.
4.If an Express Action (also known as a post action) is defined, the system executes the action.
5.If any requests are attached to the action, the system runs the requests.
6.The system loads the requested page, if any, and calls the Post-Action (the post command) from within the
<ManuScript.getPageRq> request.
Express\Web.config Settings
The EXAMPLE Express ®Web.config file contains a number of EXAMPLE Express ®configuration settings. To modify
these settings, use the Edit Configuration Utility (located at Global Root Directory \Util\EditConfig.exe).
Key Default Value
176 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

AddFieldInfo This setting reserved for future use.
AddPartyManuScriptID null
AgencyDetailsManuScriptID N/A
AllowMultiLanguageScreens False
ApplicationLayoutFactory C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies
4.0\Express\App_Data\ApplicationLayoutMap.xml
AutoSave 1
BypassSSLHostAuthentication 0
CarrierName Demo National Insurance
ClientDetailsManuScriptID null
ConsumerAccessManuScriptIDnull
ConsumerAccessRolenull
ConsumerAgencyID null
ContentFactory C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies
4.0\Express\App_Data\ContentMap.xml
DebugMode 0
DebugOutputDir C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies 4.0\Express
EventLog Errors
EXAMPLEServerURL http://localhost:80/DuckCreek40/dctserver.aspx
ExitInterviewField null
FormsTempPath C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies 4.0\Express\Temp
GetPageWaitTime 0
GetPolicyAdminManuScriptID null
GuestPassword null
GuestUserName null
HomeBlockListBulletins 0
HomeBlockListMessages 0
177 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

HomeBlockListMRU 0
InitVector N/A
InstantShred 0
LogoutURL null
MailTo support@mycompany.com
MenuMapFactory N/A
MessageDetailsManuScriptID null
NewQuoteLimitRequests 0
NewQuoteManuScriptID NewQuoteSelectionPortfolio
OverrideLanguageForScreens null
PartySearchManuScriptID null
PassPhrase N/A
PerformanceLogging 0
PostActionFactory C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies
4.0\Express\App_Data\PostActionMap.xml
PolicyAdminManuScriptID null
PolicyBlockListAttachments 0
PolicyBlockListMessages 0
PolicyBlockListTasks 0
PrintJobAsyncMode 2
PrintJobAutoRefresh 1
PrintPreviewDownloadMode 0
ProcessAsyncFormWaitTime 1
ProxyMode 0
RefreshClientOnLoad Quote
SaltValue N/A
SecureLogin 0
SelectAgencyLimit 15
178 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

ServerConfig C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies
4.x\Express\App_Data\OnDemand.Config
ServerDomain N/A
SMTPServer null
SMTPServerPort 25
SSOErrorMsg You do not have access to Example Express. Please contact your administrator
or login.
TaskDetailManuScriptID Carrier_TaskDetailEditing
TimeOut 360000
UploadDir C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies 4.0\Express\Upload
UserDetailsManuScriptID N/A
XmlNamespaceUri null
XSLTDir Skins\AvantGarde2
AddPartyManuScriptID
Reserved for future use.
AgencyDetailsManuScriptID
Obsolete for EXAMPLE Platform ®4.0. This functionality is now available for use in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™. See the
AgencyDetailsManuScriptID configuration setting in the UserAdmin\Web.config file.
AllowMultiLanguageScreens
A setting of False will set the language on the first visit of the Web site based on the Example\Web.config setting
OverrideLanguageForScreen . If the OverrideLaguageForScreen setting is not defined, the language will be set by
the browser.
A setting of True will allow multiple languages to be used. The browser will check for new versions of objects with
every page.
Any language used must have a resource file associated with it. If a resource file is not associated with a
language setting, the language will be set to the default resource file.
Using one language in a browser will improve performance because objects are cached in the system and
will not require frequent refreshes.
179 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

ApplicationLayoutFactory
Fully-qualified directory path to the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file (and any custom ApplicationLayoutMap files). The
path specifies the directory to use, and the file name (minus the file extension) specifies the base term to use to
determine custom ApplicationLayoutMap files.
Default Valid
C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies
4.0\Express\App_Data\ApplicationLayoutMap.xmlValid path, including file name, to the
ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file.
AutoSave
Boolean value indicating whether the interview process should automatically save changes upon page change. The
system creates a history only when a save action is performed.
AutoSave saves quote information but does not initiate shredding. Shredding occurs only upon user-initiated
save. If a user exits a quote without explicitly saving, the quote may be saved to the ExampleData database
but not to the shredding database. This can prevent a 1-to-1 correlation between the two databases.
For Duck Creek Templates™ or EXAMPLE TransACT ®2.1 to function properly, AutoSave must be enabled
(1).
Default Valid
1 •0— Do not save quote on page change.
•1— Save quote on page change.
BypassSSLHostAuthentication
Boolean value indicating whether to ignore SSL certificate validation errors between machines running EXAMPLE
Express ®and EXAMPLE Server ®. This setting is only meaningful if the EXAMPLE Server ®URL uses https: protocol.
Default Valid
0 •0— Do not ignore certificate validation errors.
•1— Ignore certificate validation errors.
CarrierName
Descriptive name of the carrier. This value is used in the EXAMPLE Express ®browser window title bar, captions, and
other locations, depending upon your custom skin.
Default Valid
Demo National Insurance Any text string.
180 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

ClientDetailsManuScriptID
ID of the ManuScript to use when editing or viewing client details.
Default Valid
null Valid ID of a ManuScript in an accessible catalog.
ConsumerAccessManuScriptID
ID of the ManuScript to use for guest and consumer quotes.
Default Valid
null Valid ID of a ManuScript in an accessible catalog.
ConsumerAccessRole
ID of the default role assigned to Consumer Access users. These roles must be created manually.
Default Valid
null Any valid role ID.
ConsumerAgencyID
ID of the default entity assigned to Consumer Access users. These entities must be created manually.
Default Valid
null Any valid Entity ID.
ContentFactory
Fully-qualified directory path to the ContentMap.xml file (and any custom ContentMap files). The path specifies the
directory to use, and the file name (minus the file extension) specifies the base term to use to determine custom
ContentMap files.
Default Valid
C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies
4.0\Express\App_Data\ContentMap.xmlValid path, including file name, to the
ContentMap.xml file.
DebugMode
Integer setting (0,1,2,3) used to log the XML content of each request to the EXAMPLE Express ®system. Debug is
turned on if the value of the setting is greater than 0. Each request is sent to the debugContent.xml file located in the
EXAMPLE Express ®directory or to the directory indicated by the DebugOutputDir configuration setting. As a result,
Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. recommends setting this value to 0 on a runtime system.
This setting also determines whether to enable the Go Back button on the EXAMPLE Express ®error screen.
181 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Default Valid
0 •0— Do not store EXAMPLE Express ®debug information.
•1— Save EXAMPLE Express ®debug information to the debugContent.xml file. Enable the Go Back
button on the EXAMPLE Express ®error screen.
•2— Save EXAMPLE Express ®debug information to the debugContent.xml file, appending the
<ManuScript.getPageRs> response (with session information). Enable the Go Back button on the
EXAMPLE Express ®error screen.
•3— Save EXAMPLE Express ®debug information to the directory specified by the DebugOutputDir
configuration setting. Enable the Go Back button on the EXAMPLE Express ®error screen.
DebugOutputDir
Location for the debug content file.
Default Valid
C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies 4.0\Express Any valid file path.
EventLog
Enables use of the Application Event Log in EXAMPLE Express ®, which logs exception conditions and registers when
the user receives a notification message.
Default Valid
Errors •null— Do not log errors or notifications.
•Errors — Log errors thrown in the EXAMPLE Express ®system.
•All— Log errors and notifications.
EXAMPLEServerURL
URL of the EXAMPLE Server ®to be used by the EXAMPLE Express ®system. Specify the DCTServer.aspx target if
requests to the EXAMPLE Server ®are to use HTTP.
If the EXAMPLE Express ®system resides on the same machine as the EXAMPLE Server ®, this setting can be left
blank to indicate that the communication with the EXAMPLE Server ®is to be local. This increases performance of each
request but requires the EXAMPLE Express ®installation to co-exist on the same server with the EXAMPLE Server ®.
Default Valid
http://localhost:80/DuckCreek40/dctserver.aspx URL of an existing EXAMPLE Server ®.
182 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

ExitInterviewField
Defines a ManuScript field to execute when a user completes an interview process in EXAMPLE Express ®. For more
information about the Exit Interview Field, see Setting up the Exit Interview Field in the EXAMPLE Express® Reference
Guide .
Default Valid
null Name of a ManuScript field. The name must be identical in all ManuScripts that may be accessed.
FormsTempPath
UNC path accessible from both EXAMPLE Server ®and EXAMPLE Express ®machines that has both read and write
permissions. This allows the transfer of temporary data between EXAMPLE Server ®and EXAMPLE Express ®.
Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. recommends that this path reside on the EXAMPLE Express ®machine in an
unclustered environment, or in a shared storage location in a clustered environment.
Default Valid
C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies 4.0\Express\Temp Any valid path.
GetPageWaitTime
Number of milliseconds for EXAMPLE Express ®to wait on asynchronous requests before loading a page. This setting
increases the wait time on any request to EXAMPLE Server ®for page information whether or not the request is
asynchronous, so use with caution.
Default Valid
0 Any positive integer or 0.
GetPolicyAdminManuScriptID
Boolean value indicating whether to look for a PolicyAdminManuScriptID field in the active ManuScript. If the field
contains a valid ManuScript ID, EXAMPLE Express ®will use the specified ManuScript for Policy Administration.
Otherwise, EXAMPLE Express ®will use the ManuScript ID specified by the PolicyAdminManuScriptID setting.
Default Valid
null •0— Use the ManuScript ID found in the PolicyAdminManuScriptID setting.
•1— Use the ManuScript ID found in the specified PolicyAdminManuScriptID field.
GuestPassword
Password for guest access to EXAMPLE Express ®.
Default Valid
183 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

null Text string.
GuestUserName
Username for guest access to EXAMPLE Express ®.
Default Valid
null Text string.
InitVector
Encryption key used for authentication in EXAMPLE Express ®and EXAMPLE Server ®. The value of this setting must
be identical when used in multiple config files. (This setting is not included in the out-of-the-box Express\Web.config
file, but it can be added manually.)
Default Valid
N/A Any ASCII text string. Should be 16 characters long for maximum encryption strength.
InstantShred
Boolean value that indicates whether information entered into EXAMPLE Express ®should be immediately distributed.
Default Valid
0 •0— Write information to the queue for later distribution.
•1— Immediately distribute data to the database (if UseShredding is also set to 1). This option uses
the <OnlineData.storePolicyRq> request or the <OnlineData.storeTransactionRq> request to
distribute the data.
LogoutURL
This setting determines the page to which EXAMPLE Express ®sends a user upon logging out.
Default Valid
null •null— Send the user to the EXAMPLE Express ®Login page.
•Valid URL — Send the user to the specified URL.
MailTo
E-mail address to which support issues should be directed. If a user selects to send a support e-mail from EXAMPLE
Express ®, the e-mail is sent to the recipient specified by this setting.
Default Valid
support@mycompany.com Any valid e-mail address.
184 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

MenuMapFactory
Obsolete as of EXAMPLE Platform ®4.0.
MessageDetailsManuScriptID
ID of the ManuScript to use for editing or viewing message details.
Default Valid
null Valid ID of a ManuScript in an accessible catalog.
NewQuoteLimitRequests
Boolean value indicating whether to run listAgencies and associated requests on the New Quote page when the
NewQuoteManuScriptID setting is not set to null. (This setting is not included in the out-of-the-box Express\Web.config
file, but it can be added manually.)
Default Valid
0 0— Run listAgencies and associated requests on the New Quote page.
1— Do not run listAgencies and associated requests on the New Quote page.
NewQuoteManuScriptID
ID of the New Quote Selection ManuScript to use when starting a new quote. The New Quote Selection ManuScripts
enables a user-friendly interface for determining which ManuScript to use for a new quote.
Default Valid
NewQuoteSelectionPortfolio Valid ID of a ManuScript in an accessible catalog.
OverrideLanguageForScreens
The default is null to be compatible with previous versions of the EXAMPLE Platform ®. Setting this key to a valid
language with a resource file will force all users to use a single browser language.
PartySearchManuScriptID
Reserved for future use.
PassPhrase
Encryption key used for authentication in EXAMPLE Express ®and EXAMPLE Server ®. The value of this setting must
be identical when used in multiple config files. (This setting is not included in the out-of-the-box Express\Web.config
file, but it can be added manually.)
Default Valid
N/A Any ASCII text string.
185 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

PerformanceLogging
Boolean value indicating whether EXAMPLE Express ®should log performance data about the rendered page. (This
setting is not included in the out-of-the-box Express\Web.config file, but it can be added manually.)
Default Valid
0 0— Do not render performance data on the page.
1— Render performance data on the page.
PolicyAdminManuScriptID
This setting is only for use with EXAMPLE TransACT ®1.8. If using EXAMPLE TransACT ®2.1, leave this
setting blank.
ID of the TransACT Master ManuScript to use for EXAMPLE TransACT ®1.8.
Default Valid
null Valid ID of a ManuScript in an accessible catalog.
PolicyBlockListAttachments
Boolean value that determines whether attachments display on the Policy Details page.
Default Valid
0 •0 – Display attachments.
•1 – Do not display attachments.
PolicyBlockListMessages
Boolean value that determines whether notifications display on the Policy Details page.
Default Valid
0 •0 – Display notifications.
•1 – Do not display notifications.
PolicyBlockListTasks
Boolean value that determines whether tasks display on the Policy Details page.
Default Valid
0 •0 – Display tasks.
•1 – Do not display tasks.
186 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

PostActionFactory
Fully-qualified directory path to the PostAction.xml file (and any custom PostActionMap files). The path specifies the
directory to use, and the file name (minus the file extension) specifies the base term to use to determine custom
PostActionMap files.
Default Valid
C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies
.40\Express\App_Data\PostActionMap.xmlValid path, including file name, to the
PostActionMap.xml file.
PrintJobAsyncMode
Controls the asynchronous behavior for the previewAsyncPrintJob and the initAsyncPrintJob Express Actions.
Default Valid
2 •2— Asynchronous with a semaphore.
•3— Place the request in the Asynchronous queue.
•4— Place the request in the Asynchronous queue and flag it to Auto Close so the session closes
when the request completes.
PrintJobAutoRefresh
Boolean value indicating whether EXAMPLE Express ®should automatically regenerate the forms list (while saving
previous user selections) when the user loads the Policy Forms page.
Default Valid
1 •0— Do not automatically regenerate the forms list.
•1— Automatically regenerate the forms list.
PrintPreviewDownloadMode
This setting determines whether the preview of a form opens a pop-up window with a preview of the form or an Open/
Save dialog box.
If the value of this setting is 1, the EXAMPLE Express ®Web site must be in the client browser's list of trusted
sites for the form to download properly.
Default Valid
0 •0— Opens the form in a pop-up window.
•1— Opens an Open/Save dialog box.
187 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

ProcessAsyncFormWaitTime
Value specifying whether EXAMPLE Express ®should process requests asynchronously and what the delay time
should be (in miliseconds) between checks to see if asynchonous requests have been completed.
Default Valid
1 0— Process all requests synchronously.
Any positive integer — Process requests asynchronously, and wait this number in milliseconds
between checks for request completion.
ProxyMode
Boolean value that, if pertaining to an EXAMPLE Express ®proxy, allows responses to successfully return to the client.
Default Valid
0 0— EXAMPLE Express ®responses may not successfully return to the client.
1— EXAMPLE Express ®responses will successfully return to the client.
RefreshClientOnLoad
Setting that causes the <OnlineData.loadPolicyRq> request to overwrite client information in the policy data with values
from the client record.
A setting of 1 or 0 turns the client information refresh on or off globally. The value for this setting can be a comma-
delimited list of the policy statuses that refresh the client information on load, usually Quote .
Default Valid
Quote •0— Do not refresh client information.
•1— Refresh client information on each <OnlineData.loadPolicyRq> request made.
•Comma-delimited list of policy statuses that should refresh client information.
SaltValue
Encryption key used for authentication in EXAMPLE Express ®and EXAMPLE Server ®. The value of this setting must
be identical when used in multiple config files. (This setting is not included in the out-of-the-box Express\Web.config
file, but it can be added manually.)
Default Valid
N/A Any ASCII text string.
SecureLogin
Boolean value indicating whether EXAMPLE Express ®uses the secure socket layer when accessing the login or
administration features of the system.
188 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

A value of true (1) for this configuration setting will force EXAMPLE Express ®to use HTTPS for login and
administration functions. All other pages will use HTTP. A value of true (1) requires that the Web server has a valid
security certificate for the secure protocal.
Default Valid
0 •0— Use current protocol for all requests.
•1— Enter HTTPS upon login or administration requests.
SelectAgencyLimit
Specifies the threshold number of agencies required to display the agency list in large list mode. Out of the box, an
agency list with a number of agencies less than or equal to the number specified for this setting will appear in a drop-
down list in EXAMPLE Express ®. An agency list with a number of agencies greater than the number specified in this
setting will appear in a grid in EXAMPLE Express ®and no longer uses a link to redirect to an agency list.
Default Valid
15 Any positive integer.
ServerConfig
Fully-qualified directory path to the OnDemand.config file.
Default Valid
C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies
4.0\Express\App_Data\OnDemand.ConfigValid path, including file name, to the
OnDemand.config file.
ServerDomain
Domain name for Microsoft Windows domain user Single Sign On. If null, mixed mode authentication will not be used.
(This setting is not included in the out-of-the-box Express\Web.config file, but it can be added manually.)
Default Valid
N/A Text string.
SMTPServer
SMTP mail server used by EXAMPLE Express ®or EXAMPLE Server ®when generating e-mail messages. The SMTP
mail service need not be on the same machine as EXAMPLE Express ®or EXAMPLE Server ®.
Default Valid
null •null— No e-mail service.
•Fully qualified name of the SMTP Server to which to route service when sending an e-mail message.
189 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

SMTPServerPort
Port number to use for the SMTP Server during the agency sign-up process. If the setting is incorrect, an error
message is displayed. N.o notification is sent to the address found in the MailTo setting to notify the administrator that
an agency has requested sign up.
Default Valid
25 Integers between 1 and 65535.
TaskDetailManuScriptID
ID of the ManuScript to use for editing or viewing task details.
Default Valid
Carrier_TaskDetailEditing Valid ID of a ManuScript in an accessible catalog.
TimeOut
Number of milliseconds EXAMPLE Express ®will wait for a response from EXAMPLE Server ®before timing out.
To force EXAMPLE Express ®to never time out when making calls to EXAMPLE Server ®, set this value to -1.
TheexecutionTimeout attribute of the ASP.NET <httpRuntime> element must be greater than or equal to the
Express\Web.config Timeout value. If the executionTimeout attribute of the ASP.NET <httpRuntime>
element is less than the Express\Web.config Timeout value, ASP.NET could time out before EXAMPLE
Express ®and not provide the user any indication that this happened. For more information on the
<httpRuntime> element, see http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/e1f13641.aspx .
Default Valid
360000 •Any positive integer — Number of milliseconds to wait before timing out of EXAMPLE Express ®.
•-1— Disable EXAMPLE Express ®timeout.
•null— System will use a value of 90000 milliseconds
UploadDir
Global path to the directory where files are uploaded and downloaded. The specified path should be used for all
servers in a cluster that are accessible from the EXAMPLE Express ®server. It should be a shared or network path that
all machines in a configuration can access. The path must have security access rights to allow the Web user to read
and write files to the selected directory.
Default Valid
C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies 4.0\Express\Upload Any valid file path.
190 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

UserDetailsManuScriptID
Obsolete for EXAMPLE Platform ®4.0. This functionality is now available for use in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™. See the
UserDetailsManuScriptID configuration setting in the UserAdmin\Web.config file.
XmlNamespaceUri
Value to use for transformation. (This setting is not included in the out-of-the-box Express\Web.config file, but it can be
added manually.)
Default
null
XSLTDir
Relative path from the GlobalRootPath \Express directory to the appropriate custom skins directory (for example,
"Skins\Custom").
Default Valid
Skins\AvantGarde2 Valid relative directory path.
SSOErrorMsg
Error message displayed when a user has been authenticated by a single-sign-on tool but does not have a valid
EXAMPLE Server ®authorization account.
Default Valid
You do not have access to Example Express. Please contact your administrator or login. Any text string
Express Actions
Out of the box, the PostActionMap.xml file contains the following Express Actions.
When an Express Action requires HTML form fields, the HTML form from which the action is executed must
contain those fields. For details about each Express Action and any HTML form fields required, see the
description of each action (below).
Express Action Description
activatePolicy Creates a consumer account; returns a clientID, quoteID, and LOB; and
then loads the specified quote or policy.
addTaskAttachment Adds an attachment to a task.
admin Updates administration information.
assignTask Updates the queue and/or user to which a task is assigned.
191 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

commit, commit2, audit Processes an out-of-sequencetransaction and commits all changes to the
database.
consumerConvertToPolicy Moves a quote from the DC_POL_ConsumerQuote table to the Quote and
History tables.
consumerCreateAccount Creates a user account for the EXAMPLE Platform ®.
consumerLoadQuote Loads a quote from the DC_POL_ConsumerQuote table.
consumerLogin Logs a user in under the proxy account used for consumer access.
consumerNewQuote Creates a new quote in the DC_POL_ConsumerQuote table.
consumerReLogin From within EXAMPLE Express ®, logs a consumer user out of the proxy
account and logs them in to an existing full user account.
delete Marks or un-marks the specified quote or policy for deletion from the
database. The specified item is not removed from the database until a
purge is performed.
deleteClient Marks the specified client for deletion from the database. The client is not
removed from the database until a purge is performed.
deleteMessage Deletes the specified notification from the database.
deleteTaskAttachment Removes an attachment from a task.
details Updates the details of a quote or policy in the database.
download Sends a copy of the XML image of the specified quote or policy to the
browser.
duplicate Duplicates the specified quote or policy in the database.
initAsyncPrintJob Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the
<FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request asynchronously with the forceInit
attribute set to 1. Loads the Policy Forms page.
initPrintJob Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the
<FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request with the forceInit attribute set to 1.
Loads the Policy Forms page.
issue Saves the active quote or policy to the database using the
<OnlineData.storeTransactionRq> request.
load Loads the specified quote or policy into the session and invokes the
interview process of the associated ManuScript.
loadHistoryTx2 Loads the specified history image of a quote or policy into the session and
invokes the interview process of the associated ManuScript.
192 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

loadPortfolio Loads the specified Portfolio into the session and invokes the interview
process of the associated ManuScript.
login Logs the user into EXAMPLE Server ®and begins a new EXAMPLE
Express ®session.
messageDetail Updates the active notification in the database using the interview content
of a Message Detail ManuScript.
newMessage Displays a New Message page (message.xsl, or—if a Message Detail
ManuScript is used—messageDetail.xsl). Performs no database action.
Out-of-the-box pages for EXAMPLE Express ®4.0 are not designed to use
this action.
newNotification Displays a Send a Notification page (messageNew.xsl, or—if a Message
Detail ManuScript is used—messageDetail.xsl). Performs no database
action.
newQuote Creates a new quote in the active session, invoking the interview process of
the specified ManuScript. Performs no database action.
newTask Adds a new task based on the task record located in the session at the path
_TaskData/TaskRecord.
previewAsyncPrintJob Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the
<FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request asynchronously with the forceInit
attribute set to 0or3. Loads the Policy Forms page.
previewPrintJob Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the
<FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request with the forceInit attribute set to 0or
3. Loads the Policy Forms page.
readMessage Displays the Notification Details page (message.xsl, or—if a Message Detail
ManuScript is used—messageDetail.xsl) for the specified notification.
refreshAsyncPrintJob Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the
<FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request asynchronously with the forceInit
attribute set to 3. Loads the Policy Forms page and executes the
<FormsEngine.setPrintJobItemsRq> request with an autoMark attribute set
tomarkDefault .
rescind Reverts the current policy image back to the state of the specified history
image, retaining records of any transactions that are removed.
resetManuScriptID Resets the associated ManuScript for the active quote.
resetSession Clears all session information.
193 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

rollbackHistory Rolls back the transaction records of a policy to the specified history image,
removing any subsequent transactions and making the specified history
image the current image. This action then loads the (new) current policy
image into the active session and invokes the interview process of the
associated ManuScript.
runRulesAsyncPrintJob Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the
<FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request asynchronously with the forceInit
attribute set to 2. Loads the Policy Forms page.
runRulesPrintJob Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the
<FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request with the forceInit attribute set to 2.
Loads the Policy Forms page.
save Saves the active quote or policy to the database using the
<OnlineData.storePolicyRq> request.
saveMessage Updates the specified message in the database from the HTML form fields
on the New Message page (message.xsl). Out-of-the-box pages for
EXAMPLE Express ®4.0 are not designed to use this action.
saveNotification Updates the specified notification in the database from the HTML form fields
on the New Message page (messageNew.xsl).
setActiveAgency Updates the active agency for the logged in user in the EXAMPLE Express ®
<state> node.
setLanguage Sets the language property in the session and the EXAMPLE Express ®
<state> node to the specified language.
setPrintManuScript Sets the ManuScriptID to use when the Create Policy Documents link is
clicked. This action should be used when a different ManuScript than the
loaded interview ManuScript (state.ManuScriptID) is needed.
setTaskComplete Sets the status of a task to Complete .
setTaskDeclined Sets the status of a task to Closed , with a reason of Declined .
setTaskDeleted Marks a task for delete. (Sets the status of the task to Deleted .)
setTaskStatus Sets the status of a task.
signup Creates an agency signup request and sends an e-mail to the recipient
specified by the MailTo configuration setting in the Express\Web.config file.
submit Saves the active quote or policy to the database using the
<OnlineData.storeTransactionRq> request.
switchUser Moves the active quote or policy to the specified agency and logs in as a
different user to load the active policy.
194 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

updateTask Updates a task in the database based on the task record located in the
session at the path _TaskData/TaskRecord.
upload Uploads a file from a ManuScript to the directory specified in the UploadDir
configuration setting in the Express\Web.config file.
validatePrintJob Verifies that no required fields on selected forms are empty.
activatePolicy
This action is intended for use with consumer access features available before EXAMPLE Platform ®4.0.
Creates a consumer account; returns a clientID, quoteID, and LOB; and then loads the specified quote or policy.
Interview parameters:
•userName — Username to assign to the user.
•password — Password to assign to the user.
•passwordExpires — Expiration date for the specified password.
•fullName — Full name of the user.
•email — E-mail address of the user.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_username Username to assign to the user. Used if the userName interview parameter is not found.
_password Password to assign to the user. Used if the password interview parameter is not found.
_agencyID ID of the agency with which to associate the quote or policy.
EXAMPLE Server ®Requests: OnlineData.createConsumerAccountRq, Session.loginRq,
OnlineData.getUserDetailsRq, Security.listAssignedRolesRq, OnlineData.getAgencyDetailsRq
addTaskAttachment
Adds an attachment to a task. This action has two modes:
•When executed from a ManuScript — The system uses the task record in the session at _TaskData/
TaskRecord to obtain the task ID, object code (generally the quote ID), and object type code (generally POL for
quotes/policies) from the paths defined in the schemas for the <Task.getRq> request response. It also obtains the
attachment caption from AttachmentRecord/Caption.
•When executed from a system page — The system requires the following HTML form fields.
Field Description
_taskId ID of the task to attach the file to.
195 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

_caption Caption for the attachment.
_quoteID ID of the policy or quote to attach the file to.
File form field Form field of type "file" that contains a reference to the file to be attached.
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: OnlineData.addAttachmentRq
admin
Updates administration information.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_pageType Tabbed page of the admin page against which to operate. Valid pages are:
•password
_adminAction Sub-command of the admin process to invoke. Valid sub-commands (described below) are:
•change
change
Updates password information.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_newpassword New password text.
_confirmpassword New password text. This text must match _newpassword or the change is rejected.
_oldpassword Old password used to verify security.
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: Session.changePasswordRq
assignTask
Updates the queue and/or user to which a task is assigned. This action has two modes:
•When executed from a ManuScript — The system uses the task record in the session at _TaskData/
TaskRecord to obtain the task ID, queue ID, assigned user ID, and task locking code from the paths defined in
the schemas for the <Task.getRq> request response.
•When executed from a system page — The system requires the following HTML form fields.
Field Description
196 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

_taskId ID of the task to modify.
_entityId ID of the queue to assign the task to.
_auserId ID of the user to assign the task to.
_taskLockingTS Encoded binary value that indicates the last time the task data was read and prevents
multiple users from modifying a task at the same time. This value is generated from the
<Task.getRq> request or the <Task.listRq> request.
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: Task.assignRq
commit, commit2, audit
These actions are intended for use with EXAMPLE TransACT ®1.0.
Processes an out-of-sequencetransaction and commits all changes to the database. These actions reconcile all policy
changes to subsequent transactions. (The system applies changes to and re-rates each subsequent transaction,
recording both original and new premiums and charges.)
•commit — Original action used with EXAMPLE TransACT ®1.0. This deprecated action is included for backwards
compatibility.
•commit2 — Commit action recommended for use with EXAMPLE TransACT ®1.0. This action contains additional
logic for dealing with newer transaction properties, out-of-sequence renewals, and out-of-sequence cancellations.
•audit — Action recommended for audit transactions with EXAMPLE TransACT ®1.0. This action causes the
reconcile process to begin with the first transaction in the term rather than the transaction before the Audit
transaction. This action causes all transactions in the term to be updated with the audit changes. In addition, the
audit transaction will have its HistoryID replaced with a newer copy of the transaction. This newer HistoryID
ensures the audit transaction retains a HistoryID greater than all inserted, modified transactions before the audit
transaction.
For these commands to work properly, session data must conform to the Policy Administration guidelines. The last
element at the transactions path defined in the TransACTInfo.xml file must be the out-of-sequence transaction and be
in an open state.
These actions do not require any HTML form fields, but use the active session and EXAMPLE Express ®state
information to determine the clientID and policyID to save.
consumerConvertToPolicy
Moves a quote from the DC_POL_ConsumerQuote table to the Quote and History tables. This action can be executed
from a ManuScript or a system page.
Parameters/HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_consumerID ID for the consumer, stored in the DCT_PLT_ConsumerAccount database table.
_consumerQuoteID (Optional) ID of the quote to move. This ID is stored in the DCT_POL_ConsumerQuote table.
If not specified, the system will move the first quote for the specified consumer.
197 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

EXAMPLE Server ®Request: Consumer.convertToPolicyRq
consumerCreateAccount
Creates a user account for the EXAMPLE Platform ®. This action should be used to register a consumer access user.
This action can be executed from a ManuScript or a system page.
Parameters/HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_username Username for the account.
_password Password for the account.
_policyNumber (Required if _consumerQuoteNumber is not specified) Policy number of the policy to
associate with the account. Use this field when creating an account for a consumer
who already has a policy in the system.
_consumerQuoteNumber (Required if _policyNumber is not specified) Number of the quote to associate with the
account. Use this field when creating an account for a consumer who has no existing
policies in the system.
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: Consumer.createAccountRq
consumerLoadQuote
Loads a quote from the DC_POL_ConsumerQuote table. This action can be executed from a ManuScript or a system
page.
Parameters/HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_consumerQuoteNumber (Required if _consumerQuoteID is not specified) ManuScript-generated number of the
quote to load.
_consumerQuoteID (Required if _consumerQuoteNumber is not specified) ID of the quote to load. This ID
is stored in the DCT_POL_ConsumerQuote table.
_consumerID ID for the consumer, stored in the DCT_PLT_ConsumerAccount database table.
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: Consumer.loadQuoteRq
consumerLogin
Logs a user in under the proxy account used for consumer access. This action can be executed from a system page
only.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
198 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

_consumerKey (Required if _consumerPartialKey and _consumerQuoteNumber are not specified) Full
consumer key for the desired quote.
_consumerPartialKey (Required if _consumerKey is not specified) Partial consumer key for the desired quote.
_consumerQuoteNumber (Required if _consumerKey is not specified) Quote number of the desired quote.
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: Consumer.loginRq, Consumer.listConsumerQuotesAndPoliciesRq,
Consumer.loadQuoteRq (if only one consumer quote exists and no in-force policies exist in the results of the
Consumer.listConsumerQuotesAndPoliciesRq)
consumerNewQuote
Creates a new quote in the DC_POL_ConsumerQuote table. This action can be executed from a system page only.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_manuscriptLOB Combined string of the ManuScriptID and LOB code for the new quote. The syntax of this string
isManuScriptID |LOBCode . The two elements are separated by the pipe (|) character.
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: Consumer.newQuoteRq
consumerReLogin
From within EXAMPLE Express ®, logs a consumer user out of the proxy account and logs them in to an existing full
user account. This action can be executed from a ManuScript or a system page. This action will execute the
ExitInterviewField if this setting is defined in the Express\Web.config file.
Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. recommends executing the <TransACT.checkInRq> request to check the
policy in from the proxyaccount user and check it out under the newly created account.
Parameters/HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_username Username under which to log in.
_password Password for the account under which to log in.
_target A value of interview returns the user to the interview process. A blank value or any other value
returns the user to the dashboard page.
_canSave Boolean value that determines whether the policy is editable. A value of 1indicates that the policy is
editable.
_policyID ID of the policy to returnt the user to. Applicable if the _target value is interview .
199 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

delete
Marks or un-marks the specified quote or policy for deletion from the database. The specified item is not removed from
the database until a purge is performed.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
QuoteID ID of the quote or policy to delete.
showDeleted Boolean flag indicating whether the content page is displaying deleted items.
•Iftrue(that is, the content page isdisplaying deleted items), then the system marks the
specified policy as undeleted.
•Iffalse (that is, the content page is notdisplaying deleted items), the system marks the
specified policy as deleted.
deleteClient
Marks the specified client for deletion from the database. The client is not removed from the database until a purge is
performed.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_ClientID ID of the client to mark for deletion.
deleteMessage
Deletes the specified notification from the database.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_messageID ID of the notification to be removed.
deleteTaskAttachment
Removes an attachment from a task. This action has two modes:
•When executed from a ManuScript — The system uses the task record in the session at _TaskData/
TaskRecord to obtain the attachment ID from AttachmentRecord/AttachmentId.
•When executed from a system page — The system requires the following HTML form fields.
Field Description
_attachmentId ID of the attachment to delete.
200 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

EXAMPLE Server ®Request: OnlineData.deleteAttachmentRq
details
Updates the details of a quote or policy in the database.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_SaveReason User-entered comment in the History table.
_clientName Data placed at client/name
_contactName Data placed at client/contactName
_phoneNumber Data placed at client/phoneNumber
_phoneExtension Data placed at client/phoneExtension
_status Data placed at policy/status
_LOB Data placed at policy/LOB
_policyNumber Data placed at policy/policyNumber
_effectiveDate Data placed at policy/effectiveDate
_expirationDate Data placed at policy/expirationDate
_currentPremium Data placed at policy/currentPremium
_address1 Data placed at mailingAddress/address1
_address2 Data placed at mailingAddress/address2
_city Data placed at mailingAddress/city
_state Data placed at mailingAddress/state
_ZIP Data placed at mailingAddress/ZIP
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: OnlineData.setDetailsRq
download
Sends a copy of the XML image of the specified quote or policy to the browser.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_QuoteID ID of the quote or policy to download.
201 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

duplicate
Duplicates the specified quote or policy in the database.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_QuoteID ID of the quote or policy to duplicate.
_startIndex Indication of whether the target page is the Open or Client page.
initAsyncPrintJob
Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the <FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request asynchronously, and
loads the Policy Forms page. This action causes the <FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request to be executed with the
forceInit attribute set to 1.
initPrintJob
Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the <FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request, and loads the Policy
Forms page. This action causes the <FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request to be executed with the forceInit attribute
set to 1.
issue
Saves the active quote or policy to the database using the <OnlineData.storeTransactionRq> request. This action
allows issuance processes to be invoked from the request map. If an active history image exists, the
<OnlineData.updateHistoryRq> request is called instead. This action uses the active EXAMPLE Express ®state
information to determine the clientID and policyID to save.
load
Loads the specified quote or policy into the session and invokes the interview process of the associated ManuScript. If
desired, users can specify the PageSet and page to open by including a ManuScriptEditingID field in the specified
ManuScript. This field must contain a comma-delimited list of ManuScriptID ,PageSet ,Page that indicates which
ManuScript PageSet and page to load.
Interview parameters:
•quoteID – ID of the quote or policy to load.
•lob– LOB code of the ManuScript to load (as identified in the ManuScriptCatalog.xml file.)
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_QuoteID ID of the quote or policy to load.
_manuscriptLOB LOB code of the ManuScript to load (as identified in the ManuScriptCatalog.xml file).
loadHistoryTx2
Loads the specified history image of a quote or policy into the session and invokes the interview process of the
associated ManuScript. This action will use the PageSet and page specified on the action in Page Designer, if
202 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

specified. If not specified, the system will use the PageSet and page specified by the ManuScriptEditingID field, if one
exists. If this field does not exist, the system will load the first PageSet and page in the specified ManuScript. This
action is intended for use with EXAMPLE TransACT ®2.1.
The following fields in the session are modified based on the history image loaded:
•data/policyAdmin/ActiveTransaction
•data/policyAdmin/OSETransaction
•data/policyAdmin/ValidTransaction
•data/policyAdmin/AdminManuScriptID
Interview parameters:
•historyID — ID of the history record to load.
•historyEdit — Boolean flag indicating whether the history record is editable.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_QuoteID ID of the quote or policy to load.
loadPortfolio
Loads the specified porfolio into the session and invokes the interview process of the associated ManuScripts. If
desired, users can specify the ManuscriptID, PageSet and page to open. This field must contain a comma-delimited list
ofManuScriptID ,PageSet ,Page that indicates which ManuScript PageSet and page to load. If no search item is
specified, the current page is refreshed.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_usingPortfolio ID of the ManuScript to load.
_PortfolioID clientID of the ManuScript to load.
login
Logs the user into EXAMPLE Server ®and begins a new EXAMPLE Express ®session.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_username Username under which to log in.
_password Password for the account.
203 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

messageDetail
Updates the active notification in the database using the interview content of a Message Detail ManuScript. This action
calls the <OnlineData.SaveMessageRq> request with the resulting XML image. The following two items in the
notification XML are used:
•//messages/message — Updated notification text.
•//messages/recipients — Recipients for the message.
newMessage
Displays a New Message page (message.xsl, or—if a Message Detail ManuScript is used—messageDetail.xsl).
Performs no database action. Out-of-the-box pages for EXAMPLE Express ®4.0 are not designed to use this action.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_messageID If the message is a reply, ID of the message to be replied to. If the message is not a reply, no ID is
specified.
newNotification
Displays a Send a Notification page (messageNew.xsl, or—if a Message Detail ManuScript is
used—messageDetail.xsl). Performs no database action. This action sets the message flag in the EXAMPLE Express ®
<state> node to new and opens the Send a Notification page.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_messageID If the notification is a reply, ID of the notification to be replied to. If the notification is not a reply, no
ID is specified. Out-of-the-box pages for EXAMPLE Express ®4.0 are not designed to use this field.
newQuote
Creates a new quote in the active session, invoking the interview process of the specified ManuScript. Performs no
database action. If desired, users can specify the PageSet and page to open by including a ManuScriptEditingID field
in the specified ManuScript. This field must contain a comma-delimited list of ManuScriptID ,PageSet ,Page that
indicates which ManuScript PageSet and page to load.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_manuscriptLOB Combined string of the ManuScriptID and LOB code for the new quote. The syntax of this string
isManuScriptID |LOBCode . The two elements are separated by the pipe (|) character.
_clientID (Optional) ID of the client to which to add the new quote. Specifying the _clientID will cause the
quote to be pre-populated with any relevant client information.
204 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

newTask
Adds a new task based on the task record located in the session at the path _TaskData/TaskRecord.
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: Task.addRq
previewAsyncPrintJob
Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the <FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request asynchronously, and
loads the Policy Forms page. This action causes the <FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request to be executed with the
forceInit attribute set to 3if the PrintJobAutoRefresh configuration setting in the Express\Web.config file is set to 1, or
with the forceInit attribute set to 0if the PrintJobAutoRefresh configuration setting is set to 0.
previewPrintJob
Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the <FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request, and loads the Policy
Forms page. This action causes the <FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request to be executed with the forceInit attribute
set to 3if the PrintJobAutoRefresh configuration setting in the Express\Web.config file is set to 1, or with the forceInit
attribute set to 0if the PrintJobAutoRefresh configuration setting is set to 0.
readMessage
Displays the Notification Details page (message.xsl, or—if a Message Detail ManuScript is used—messageDetail.xsl)
for the specified notification. This action sets the message flag in the EXAMPLE Express ®<state> node to readOnly
and opens the Notification Details page for the specified message.
refreshAsyncPrintJob
Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the <FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request asynchronously, and
loads the Policy Forms page. This action causes the <FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request to be executed with the
forceInit attribute set to 3. It also executes the <FormsEngine.setPrintJobItemsRq> request with an autoMark attribute
set to markDefault .
rescind
This action is intended for use with EXAMPLE TransACT ®1.0.
Reverts the current policy image back to the state of the specified history image, retaining records of any transactions
that are removed. This action copies the specified history image as the current policy or session image, but preserves
the transaction records of the (previous) current image in the active session.
Interview parameter:
•historyID — ID of the history record to load.
resetManuScriptID
Resets the associated ManuScript for the active quote. This action uses the resetManuScriptID attribute or the
manuscript attribute on the <ManuScript.getPageRq> request initiated by the interview to determine the new
ManuScriptID to use. The system looks first at the resetManuScriptID attribute. If none is found or if it is empty, the
system uses the manuscript attribute. If either is defined, EXAMPLE Express ®resets the associated ManuScript for the
active quote to the specified ManuScript ID. Once the quote or policy is saved, the database is also updated to
associate the quote or policy with the specified ManuScriptID.
205 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

resetSession
Clears all session information. This action can be used to return the user to the Login page when an error occurs
instead of displaying a fatal error.
rollbackHistory
Rolls back the transaction records of a policy to the specified history image, removing any subsequent transactions
and making the specified history image the current image. This action then loads the (new) current policy image into
the active session and invokes the interview process of the associated ManuScript.
The following fields in the session are modified based on the history image specified:
•data/policyAdmin/ActiveTransaction
•data/policyAdmin/OSETransaction
•data/policyAdmin/ValidTransaction
•data/policyAdmin/AdminManuScriptID
Interview parameters:
•historyID — ID of the history record to load.
•historyEdit — Boolean value indicating whether the data is editable.
runRulesAsyncPrintJob
Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the <FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request asynchronously, and
loads the Policy Forms page. This action causes the <FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request to be executed with the
forceInit attribute set to 2.
runRulesPrintJob
Executes the <Session.getPropertyRq> request and the <FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request, and loads the Policy
Forms page. This action causes the <FormsEngine.initPrintJobRq> request to be executed with the forceInit attribute
set to 2.
save
Saves the active quote or policy to the database using the <OnlineData.storePolicyRq> request. If an active history
image exists, the <OnlineData.updateHistoryRq> request is called instead. This action uses the active EXAMPLE
Express ®state information to determine the clientID and policyID to save.
saveMessage
Updates the specified message in the database from the HTML form fields on the New Message page (message.xsl).
Out-of-the-box pages for EXAMPLE Express ®4.0 are not designed to use this action.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_messageID ID of the message to be updated (or 0 for a new message).
_sender Username of the sender.
_body Body of the message.
206 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

_subject Subject of the message.
_parentMessageID If non-zero, message to which this message is a reply.
_remind Reminder date.
_userList or _users Array field containing list of user recipients.
_agencyList or _agencies Array field containing list of agency IDs as recipients.
_agencyGroupList or _agencyGroups Array field containing list of agency group IDs as recipients.
_useGlobal or _global Flag indicating whether to use global recipients.
_clientID If non-zero, client to which the message should be attached.
_quoteID If non-zero, quote or policy to which the message should be attached.
_thisSecurityLevel or _securityLevel Security level mask for who can view the message (bit field).
saveNotification
Updates the specified notification in the database from the HTML form fields on the New Message page
(messageNew.xsl).
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_messageID ID of the notification to be updated (or 0 for a new notification).
_sender Username of the sender.
_body Body of the notification.
_messageType Type of notification.
_clientID If non-zero, client to which the notification should be attached.
_quoteID If non-zero, quote or policy to which the notification should be attached.
_sendToOption Ifall, indicates to send the notification to all users. Otherwise, system uses the
_gridSelectionArray field.
_gridSelectionArray Comma-delimited list of user IDs, entity IDs, or entity group IDs, depending on the value of
the _pageType field.
_pageType Type of recipient. Options are:
•users
•entities
•entityGroup
207 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

setActiveAgency
Updates the active agency for the logged in user in the EXAMPLE Express ®<state> node.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_ddlAgencies Agency ID to set in the EXAMPLE Express ®<state> node.
EXAMPLE Server ®Requests: Session.setActiveAgencyRq, OnlineData.getAgencyDetailsRq
setLanguage
Sets the language property in the session and the EXAMPLE Express ®<state> node to the specified language.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_language Language to set in the session and the EXAMPLE Express ®<state> node.
setPrintManuScript
Sets the ManuScriptID to use when the Create Policy Documents link is clicked. This action should be used when a
different ManuScript than the loaded interview ManuScript (state.ManuScriptID) is needed. (For example, Duck Creek
Templates™ CPP policies will have the CPP ManuScript stored as the interview ManuScript. When printing policy
documents, however, the system may need to run a specific product ManuScript.)
Interview parameter:
•printManuScriptID — ID of the ManuScript to use for the print page.
If the printManuScriptID parameter is empty, the system will use the state.ManuScriptID .
setTaskComplete
Sets the status of a task to Complete . This action has two modes:
•When executed from a ManuScript — The system uses the task record in the session at _TaskData/
TaskRecord to obtain the task ID and task locking code from the paths defined in the schemas for the
<Task.getRq> request response.
•When executed from a system page — The system requires the following HTML form fields.
Field Description
_taskId ID of the task to complete.
_taskLockingTS Encoded binary value that indicates the last time the task data was read and prevents
multiple users from modifying a task at the same time. This value is generated from the
<Task.getRq> request or the <Task.listRq> request.
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: Task.setStatusRq
208 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

setTaskDeclined
Sets the status of a task to Closed , with a reason of Declined . This action has two modes:
•When executed from a ManuScript — The system uses the task record in the session at _TaskData/
TaskRecord to obtain the task ID and task locking code from the paths defined in the schemas for the
<Task.getRq> request response.
•When executed from a system page — The system requires the following HTML form fields.
Field Description
_taskId ID of the task to decline.
_taskLockingTS Encoded binary value that indicates the last time the task data was read and prevents
multiple users from modifying a task at the same time. This value is generated from the
<Task.getRq> request or the <Task.listRq> request.
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: Task.setStatusRq
setTaskDeleted
Marks a task for delete. (Sets the status of the task to Deleted .) This action has two modes:
•When executed from a ManuScript — The system uses the task record in the session at _TaskData/
TaskRecord to obtain the task ID and task locking code from the paths defined in the schemas for the
<Task.getRq> request response.
•When executed from a system page — The system requires the following HTML form fields.
Field Description
_taskId ID of the task to delete.
_taskLockingTS Encoded binary value that indicates the last time the task data was read and prevents
multiple users from modifying a task at the same time. This value is generated from the
<Task.getRq> request or the <Task.listRq> request.
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: Task.setStatusRq
setTaskStatus
Sets the status of a task. This action has two modes:
•When executed from a ManuScript — The system uses the task record in the session at _TaskData/
TaskRecord to obtain the task ID, task status code, task status reason code, percentage complete, and task
locking code from the paths defined in the schemas for the <Task.getRq> request response.
•When executed from a system page — The system requires the following HTML form fields.
Field Description
_taskId ID of the task to modify.
209 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

_taskStatusCode Status to set the task to. Options are:
◦OPN — Open
◦COM — Complete
◦CLS — Closed
◦DEL — Deleted
_taskStatusReasonCode (Optional) Reason code for the status. This field can be any status listed in the
DC_PLT_SupportCodeLists table in the ExampleData database. Out of the box, the
only valid option is declined (DEC).
_percentageComplete (Optional) Integer from 0 to 100 describing the percentage of the task that is
complete.
_taskLockingTS Encoded binary value that indicates the last time the task data was read and
prevents multiple users from modifying a task at the same time. This value is
generated from the <Task.getRq> request or the <Task.listRq> request.
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: Task.setStatusRq
signup
Creates an agency signup request and sends an e-mail to the recipient specified by the MailTo configuration setting in
the Express\Web.config file.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_email E-mail address of the person requesting the account.
_userName Username for the account.
_password Initial password for the account.
_fullName
_email
_name
_contact
_phone
_extension
_address1
_address2
_city
_state
_zipAgency sign-up XML record.
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: OnlineData.addAgencySignupRq
210 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

submit
Saves the active quote or policy to the database using the <OnlineData.storeTransactionRq> request. This action
allows issuance processes to be invoked from the request map. If an active history image exists, the
<OnlineData.updateHistoryRq> request is called instead. This action uses the active EXAMPLE Express ®state
information to determine the clientID and policyID to save.
switchUser
Moves the active quote or policy to the specified agency and logs in as a different user to load the active policy.
Interview parameters:
•username — Username of the account to log in under.
•password — Password for the account.
•agencyid — ID of the agency with which to associate the policy. If not specified, the system uses the
<OnlineData.getUserDetailsRq> request to get the agency ID of the user.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
_username Username of the account to log in under. Used if the username interview parameter is not specified.
_password Password for the account. Used if the password interview parameter is not specified.
updateTask
Updates a task in the database based on the task record located in the session at the path _TaskData/TaskRecord.
EXAMPLE Server ®Request: Task.updateRq
upload
Uploads a file from a ManuScript to the directory specified in the UploadDir configuration setting in the
Express\Web.config file. If executing this action from a ManuScript, the filepath of the uploaded file will be saved to the
session using the <OnlineData.autoSaveDataRq> request or the <Session.storeDataRq> request.
HTML Form Fields:
Field Description
File form field Form field of type "file" that contains a reference to the file to upload.
validatePrintJob
Verifies that no required fields on selected forms are empty. This action executes the
<FormsEngine.validatePrintJobRq> request, returning valid orinvalid . Ifinvalid is returned, a list of forms with missing
fields is returned.
Skin.config File
The skin.config file is used with the Avant Garde 2 skin. The contents of this file are attached to the internal content
XML document for the page XSL to reference during XSLT transforms.
211 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

This file must be present for any skin based on Avant Garde 2 skins. Absence of this file forces the code to
use the Avant Garde skins.
The following code sample illustrates the basic structure of the skin.config file:
<settings>
<CoreDirectory>Skins\DCTBase\Core</CoreDirectory>
<Themes>
<Theme name="DuckCreek"/>
<ExtJsTheme cssFile="ext-xtheme-gray"/>
<DCTExtJsExtensionTheme cssFile="dctExt-xtheme-gray"/>
</Themes>
<Panels>
<RatingMessages showBar="1"/>
<TogglePanelButton showButton="0"/>
</Panels>
<Buttons>
<PreviousButtonDefaultType></PreviousButtonDefaultType>
<NextButtonDefaultType></NextButtonDefaultType>
</Buttons>
<StaticPanelContent location="leftPanel"></StaticPanelContent>
<Controls>
<ComboBoxes maxSize="200"/>
</Controls>
<custom></custom>
</settings>
Skin.config Settings
This section contains descriptions, defaults, and valid values of all the skin.config configuration settings. You can use
the Edit Configuration Utility in the Duck Creek root directory (by default C:\Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\UtiEditConfig.exe) to manually alter these settings.
You can only use the Edit Configuration Utility in Text Mode to alter these settings.
Improperly adjusting skin.config settings can lead to unintended behaviors or can prevent EXAMPLE Express ®skins
from displaying correctly. Use caution when changing these settings.
Key Default Value
CoreDirectory Skins\DCTBase\Core
Theme name DuckCreek
ExtJsTheme ext-xtheme-gray
DCTExtJsExtensionTheme cssFile dctExt-xtheme-gray
RatingMessage showBar 1
212 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

TogglePanelButton showButton 0
PreviousButtonDefaultType N/A
NextButtonDefaultType N/A
StaticPanelContent leftPanel
ComboBoxes maxSize 200
custom N/A
ContentUrl N/A
ContentTitle blank
ContentBorder Hide
ContentFrame Hide
ContentCollapsible False
ContentScrollable False
ContentHeight N/A
ContentName N/A
IgnoreIECheck 0
ComboBoxes maxSize
Defines the maximum width to use for all combo boxes.
Default Valid
200 Any positive integer.
If the value of this setting is left blank, the default value of 200will be used.
ContentUrl
The URL of the external content you wish to use in EXAMPLE Express ®.
Default Valid
blank Any valid URL or path relative to EXAMPLE Express ®.
ContentTitle
If specified, a title bar containing the specified string will appear in the title bar at the top of the tab section.
213 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Default Valid
blank Any valid string.
ContentBorder
Displays or hides the section border.
Default Valid
Hide •Show – Displays the panel border.
•Hide – Hides the panel border.
ContentCollapsible
Displays or hides the ability to collapse a section.
Default Valid
False •True – Allows the panel to be collapsed.
•False – Prevents the panel from being collapsed.
ContentFrame
Displays or hides the section frame.
Default Valid
Hide •Show – Displays the panel border.
•Hide – Hides the panel border.
ContentHeight
Height of a panel in pixels.
ContentName
Applies a name to an iFrame, if specified.
ContentScrollable
Enables content scrolling within a section.
Default Valid
False •True – Enables content scrolling.
•False – Disables content scrolling.
214 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

CoreDirectory
Points to the core being used. This allows EXAMPLE Express ®to know if the system is using the old or new core.
When using the Avant Garde 2 skin, the core should point to the Core folder in the \DuckCreek
Technologies\Express\Skins\DCTBase\ directory.
Default Valid
Skins\DCTBase\Core Any valid location.
Custom
Contains skin customizations.The value of this setting appears in the content XML document, which the XSL then
transforms into page HTML. Skin developers can add any XML they wish to the <custom> element.
New skin.config content should only be added in the <custom> section. Duck Creek will always add new
supported skin configuration setting above the <custom> section, and will always ship an empty <custom>
section.
Default Valid
N/A Any valid XML customization information.
DCTExtJsExtensionTheme
Duck Creek modifications to the ExtJs CSS framework have been moved to their own layer. This configuration setting
Defines the theme to be used for the ExtJs EXAMPLE Platform ®extensions.
Default Valid
dctExt-xtheme-gray Any valid theme.
ExtJsTheme
Defines the base ExtJs theme CSS file to load.
Default Valid
ext-xtheme-gray Any valid theme.
IgnoreIECheck
Ignores the browser to check to allow controls on the page to be converted to ExtJs controls when using Internet
Explorer 8 or higher. Enabling this setting could result in the increase of memory consumption by the Avant Garde 2
skin.
Default Valid
215 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

0 0 - Ignore the Web browser check.
1 - Check the browser to determine whether to convert all controls to ExtJs.
NextButtonDefaultType
Defines the type of button to be used for the Next button.
Default Valid
N/A •Button
•Hyperlink
The following table lists some examples of default buttons available for use with EXAMPLE Express ®.
Configuration Settings Buttons
<Buttons>
<PreviousButtonDefaultType></PreviousButtonDefaultType>
<NextButtonDefaultType></NextButtonDefaultType>
</Buttons>
<Buttons>
<PreviousButtonDefaultType>white</PreviousButtonDefaultType>
<NextButtonDefaultType>blue</NextButtonDefaultType>
</Buttons>
<Buttons>
<PreviousButtonDefaultType>hyperlink</PreviousButtonDefaultType>
<NextButtonDefaultType>orange</NextButtonDefaultType>
</Buttons>
PreviousButtonDefaultType
Defines the type of button to be used for the Previous button.
Default Valid
N/A •Button
•Hyperlink
This configuration setting allows developers to specify a default button type for the previous buttons throughout the
interview screens.
The following table lists some examples of default buttons available for use with EXAMPLE Express ®.
Configuration Settings Buttons
216 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

<Buttons>
<PreviousButtonDefaultType></PreviousButtonDefaultType>
<NextButtonDefaultType></NextButtonDefaultType>
</Buttons>
<Buttons>
<PreviousButtonDefaultType>white</PreviousButtonDefaultType>
<NextButtonDefaultType>blue</NextButtonDefaultType>
</Buttons>
<Buttons>
<PreviousButtonDefaultType>hyperlink</PreviousButtonDefaultType>
<NextButtonDefaultType>orange</NextButtonDefaultType>
</Buttons>
RatingMessage showBar
Defines whether to display a rating message bar at the bottom of the browser that can be used to display a popup with
the rating messages displayed.
The following image illustrates the dynamic rating message indicator.
Default Valid
1 •1– Displays the rating message.
•0– Does not display the rating message.
StaticPanelContent
Defines the location(s) where external content should be added.
Default Valid
leftPanel Any valid page panel.
217 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Theme name
Defines the theme to be used with EXAMPLE Express ®pages. By default, the the corresponding DuckCreek theme
stylesheet will be automatically loaded from the C:\Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Express\Skins\AvantGarde2\themes\DuckCreek\css\ directory.
Default Valid
DuckCreek Any valid theme.
TogglePanelButton showButton
Defines whether a button displays at the top of the page to open or close all collapsible sections on the page.
Default Valid
0 •0– Hides the button that collapses all collapsible sections on the page.
•1– Displays the button that collapses all collapsible sections on the page.
Accenture Duck Creek Claims Integration
The Accenture Duck Creek EXAMPLE Platform ®offers the ability to attach a policy to a claim when the Accenture
Claim Components is installed.
When the first notice of loss (FNOL) is reported, a loss representative can access, verify, and attach policies to the
Accenture Claim Components by accessing Accenture Duck Creek Policy Administration. Policies with claims can be
filtered to be automatically sent for underwriter review. When an open claim exists on a policy, the pricing page in
EXAMPLE Express ®will display a notification that the policy is in underwriter review.
Through the renewal process, underwriters can receive notices on policies with claims. Claim details can be reviewed
through the Loss History page of Policy Administration. The following details about the claim are displayed to the
underwriter at the claim level on the Loss History page:
•Line of business
•Cause of loss
•Description of loss
•Date of loss
•Claim status
•Total loss incurred
•Loss location
218 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.

Installing the Accenture Duck Creek Claim Components
With the 4.3.2 release, the EXAMPLE Platform ®integration with Accenture Claim Components covers Commercial
Property, Personal Auto, Workers Comp, and General Liability. Other lines of business will be included with future
releases.
When the EXAMPLE Platform ®is installed to use the Claim Components, the installation is done in two steps. The first
is an EXAMPLE Server ®install that contains the Claim Components Requestmap, DLL files, <Get.LossHistoryRq>
request, and Web.config entries added for the call to the Claim Components . The second is a content install that will
include the necessary ManuScripts and XSL transforms to generate the Loss History page in EXAMPLE Express ®. For
information on installing the EXAMPLE Server ®Claim Components integration, see EXAMPLE Server ®Installation . For
information about obtaining and installing the Claim Components content files, please contact your Account Manager.
Information about the Accenture Claim Components can be found at http://www.accenture.com/us-en/Pages/service-
insurance-claim-components-summary.aspx .
219 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.