New Installations and Upgrades
Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar installs as part of an EXAMPLE Express ®upgrade or new installation without
manual configuration.
Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar is supported only for AvantGarde 2.1 and later skins.
Configuring Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar
Users can enable and disable Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar and configure it to match current skins and
localization.
The Underwriter’s Workbench Toolbar is built on top of the new MVC Extension Framework. As a new technology, this
framework is expected to experience significant growth and change in upcoming releases as the feature set expands
and the implementation matures. As such, supported customization options for the Workbench Toolbar are limited to
localization based label changes and styling changes using theme based overrides.
It is recommended that items in the Assets directory are not changed, as these will be overridden by future
installations and updates.
Enabling and Disabling Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar
By default, Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar is fully enabled. However, the user can disable or configure Underwriter's
Workbench Toolbar by editing the skin.config file in the main Skins directory (such as, C:\Program Files\Duck Creek
Technologies\Express\Skins\AvantGarde2).
To configure skin.config:
1.Open skin.config in a text editor.
2.Within the <controls> section, locate the section, <workbench toolbar enabled=" 1" />
3.By default, workbench toolbar is enabled and all items are present, including Notes and Attachments. Set
enabled=" 0" to turn off workbench toolbar, and then save your changes.
Customizing Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar
The toolbar can be configured to match your skins and localization.
•For style changes, see Working with CSS Override Styles .
•For localization changes, see Using the Localization Framework .
Out-of-the-box, Underwriter's toolbar does not manipulate data on the main page, default.aspx.
For more information, see:
•Working With Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar
•Underwriter's Workbench Toolbar
74 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.