EXAMPLE Express® Reference Guide
This document contains information about the features and functions of EXAMPLE Express ®and instructions for
configuring and customizing it.
The information contained in this guide is based on an EXAMPLE Express ®implementation that uses Avant
Garde–based skins. For differences that exist when running an EXAMPLE Express ®configuration that uses Lila-based
skins, see the appendix Using Lila-Based Skins .
EXAMPLE Express® Functionality
EXAMPLE Express ®has the following important features:
•An architecture that supports integration with other EXAMPLE Platform ®products and other systems
•An out-of-the-box policy administration interface
•Out-of-the-box consumer access screens and the ability to implement a custom consumer access system
•Database management tools (through EXAMPLE UserAdmin™)
•A portfolio feature that allows policies to share common information
•Flexible, role-based security (through EXAMPLE UserAdmin™)
•A framework that allows carriers to extend and customize the EXAMPLE Express ®system as needed
Architecture
EXAMPLE Express ®works with the EXAMPLE Platform ®and other downstream systems to provide carriers with a
complete policy administration system.
EXAMPLE Express ®in the EXAMPLE Platform ®
EXAMPLE Express ®works with the following other EXAMPLE Platform ®products to facilitate policy administration
through the web:
•EXAMPLE ManuScripts ™ – EXAMPLE Express ®allows users to view and interact with insurance products
defined through EXAMPLE ManuScripts™ (built in EXAMPLE Author ®). These ManuScripts contain the complete
product definition that EXAMPLE Server ®uses to collect data, run rules and rating, and control product workflow.
•EXAMPLE Server ® – EXAMPLE Express ®acts as a translator between the user and EXAMPLE Server ®,
allowing users to send and receive XML data (policy data) and the requests and responses required for rating,
underwriting, and other policy administration actions through a user-friendly interface. If desired, EXAMPLE
Server ®can be extended to allow integration with third-party data services such as MVRs and credit checks, or
with internal services that can perform tasks such as querying the claims system for number of losses, generating
new policy numbers, or performing clearance.
•EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ – EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ enables administrators to assign and regulate the privileges
of EXAMPLE Express ®users using role-based security. With EXAMPLE UserAdmin™, carriers can define
security permissions according to their distinct organizational needs.
•EXAMPLE TransACT ® – (Optional) EXAMPLE Express ®can work with EXAMPLE TransACT ®to extend its
policy processing capabilities through policy issuance and beyond. EXAMPLE TransACT ®allows users to
perform endorsements, cancellations, and other transactions, and it supports out-of-sequence transactions, audit
processing, and batch processing.
4 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.