Delete
In the list of notes for a given quote or policy, click Delete
 . This will remove the note from the
users list and set the status to Mark for Delete in the database. Deleting a note will not remove the it
from the database.
Users must have the Security Level CarrierAdmin (SecLevel_CarrierAdmin) security level to
delete a note. The delete icon will not display for other users.
In addition to viewing notes from the Notes page, users can add and view notes associated with a specific policy from
the Policy Details page. For information about additional functionality Policy Details page and its notes section, see
Policy Details . For general information about customizing EXAMPLE Express ®pages, see Customizing EXAMPLE
Express ®Skins .
Batch Reports
The Batch Reports page provides the ability to view results of batch processes performed by the system. Users can
drill down into individual batch reports and view the policies or notifications involved in a particular batch process, and
whether the actions performed on each policy or notification succeeded or failed. From this page, EXAMPLE Express ®
users can open any policy or notification listed and perform any necessary actions.
When viewing a batch report for policies, the user can only see those policies for which he or she has the
ViewQuotes privilege.
The Batch Reports page can be customized. For general information on customizing out-of-the-box EXAMPLE
Express ®pages, see Customizing EXAMPLE Express ®Skins .
Search
EXAMPLE Express ®provides two types of searches for clients, quotes, and policies: a Quick Search feature available
from anywhere in the system, and a more advanced Search page.
Both the Quick Search feature and the Search page can be customized. For information, see Customizing Search
Options . For general information on customizing out-of-the-box EXAMPLE Express ®pages, see Customizing
EXAMPLE Express ®Skins .
Quick Search
The Quick Search feature is available from anywhere in the system and allows users to search for policies and quotes
by policy or quote number, or for clients by client name or phone number. When searching by policy or quote number
or by client name, users can enter any part of the policy/quote number or client name. When searching by phone
number, users must enter the entire number.
When searching for a policy or quote, the search results will include policies and quotes from all entities where the user
has the ViewQuotes privilege. When searching for a client, the search results will include all clients from all entities
where the user has the ViewClients privilege and where the client has a quote for an entity to which the user belongs.
The Quick Search feature appears as follows:
24 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.