Localizing Custom JavaScript
The following example illustrates how to successfully localize your custom JavaScript.
Example:
Assume that a customer-specific business requirement requires that an alert check box which states, "Hello world!",
displays in the appropriate language each time the user presses TAB to navigate to the next field in EXAMPLE
Express ®.
To implement this change:
1.In the Skins\AvantGarde2\xsl\localization\ directory, modify the DefaultDictionary.resources file by adding a new
BLUR_EVENT_FIRED string with a value of Hello World . For more information about editing resource files, see
Editing Resource Files .
2.(optional) Register the string in a second resource file for another language by creating a new
DefaultDictionary.es.resources file (copied from the DefaultDictionary.resources file) and then editing the
BLUR_EVENT_FIRED string with a value of Hola mundo!
3.Configure EXAMPLE Express ®skins to use the newly-created string in the globalization dictionary by adding the
following line of code to the customOnBlur function:
alert(T('BLUR_EVENT_FIRED'));
To test the change above:
1.In EXAMPLE Express ®, load a quote, leave a required field blank, and attempt to navigate to the next field by
pressing TAB.
2.Verify that a message saying, "Hello world!"" or "Hola mundo!" (depeinding on the current browser culture)
appears.
When no resource file is present, the language defaults to the invariant culture.
Testing EXAMPLE Express ®with Another Language
To test EXAMPLE Express ®with another language:
1.In the Skins\AvantGarde2\xsl\localization\ directory, copy the DefaultDictionary.fr.resources file .
2.Edit the copy of the DefaultDictionary.resources file you just created. For information about editing resource files,
see Editing Resource Files.
3.Add or edit the REQD_FIELD_NOT_BLANK string, and give it a unique value such as “Ceci est un champ
obligatoire et ne peut pas être blanc." in French.
4.Modify your browser language settings and verify that the dashboard now reads “Ceci est un champ obligatoire et
ne peut pas être blanc.” in French. For information about changing browser languages, see Changing Browser
Languages ,
Images
Some images in the EXAMPLE Express ®skins contain text, and will need to be localized if being used with a language
other than English. For example, assume that a business requirement exists to display a different logout icon for
French users in EXAMPLE Express ®.
Using the example above, adhere to the following steps to replace the padlock image with another image:
1.Localize the image found at Skins/AvantGarde2/images/icons/lock_open.png for the French culture (fr-
FR).
95 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.