matched to characters in the Value parameter or are inserted into the Value string. The third part of the
mask is the character used to represent missing characters in the mask.
The following are the special characters used in the first field of the mask.
Character Meaning in mask
> If a greater than symbol appears in the mask, all aformat characters that follow are in upper
case until the end of the mask or until a < character is encountered.
< If a less than symbol appears in the mask, all aformat characters that follow are in lower case
until the end of the mask or until a > character is encountered.
<> If the less than and greater than symbols appear together in a mask, no case checking is
done. This turns off the > or <, while > or < will turn it back on. (sequentially)
a Requires an alphabetical character in this position, and the case is based upon the presence
of one of the case indicators (>,<,<>) in the mask previous to the 'a' format character.
L Requires an alphabetic character in this position.
A Requires an alphanumeric character in this position.
C Requires an upper-case alphabetic character in this position.
c Requires a lower-case alphabetic character in this position.
0 Allows a numeric character in this position.
9 Requires a numeric character or a positive or negative sign (+ or -) in this position.
# Requires a numeric character or a positive or negative sign (+ or -) in this position.
- Inserts spaces into the returned string.
* Requires a character in this position in a format mask. This can be any character allowed by
the interface.
^ The character that follows a caret is a literal character. Use this character before any mask
characters used as a literal. For example, in the mask @LL^xAAthe third character of the entry
must be x.
Any character that does not appear in the preceding table can appear in the first part of the mask as a literal
character. Literal characters are inserted automatically if the second field of the mask is 0, or matched to
characters in the Value parameter if the second field is any other value. The special mask characters can also
appear as literal characters if preceded by a back slash character (\).
Using Regular Expressions (Regexes) to Create Custom Format Masks
Regular expressions (regexes) can be used to create custom format masks. Using a regex, a user can create
custom format masks that will display a message for invalid field values. The most common regex structure for
this type of format mask is:
53 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.