Minified JavaScript Files
Avant Garde 2 skins include new compressed and minified JavaScript files to help boost performance during runtime.
Two versions of each JavaScript file are added during installation:
•Minified – Compressed version of the JavaScript file used at runtime (for example, Dct-base.js).
•Debug – Debug version of the JavaScript file that allows skin developers to debug a given JavaScript file (for
example, Dct-base-debug.js). Debug files are created with the files located in the DCTBase\Core\devscript
directory.
To enable debug mode, ensure that the value of the debugMode configuration setting in the
Express\Web.config file is set to a positive integer.
Custom Styles and Format Masks
In general, the look and feel of EXAMPLE Express ®should be governed by general style rules defined in the
EXAMPLE Express ®skins. At times, however, the appearance of specific page elements may depend upon criteria
specified in a ManuScript. To accommodate this, ManuScripts allow you to apply custom styles and format masks to
page elements. These custom styles and format masks can be configured in the EXAMPLE Express ®skins to provide
the desired appearance and behavior.
Custom Styles
In EXAMPLE Express ®skins, carriers can define styles across the entire EXAMPLE Express ®application or across
only parts of it. If desired, carriers can also apply custom CSS styles to specific page elements in a ManuScript. These
styles are defined in a single file in the skins directory, and can be applied to individual fields and page elements in
EXAMPLE Author ®.
For information about customizing CSS styles, including custom styles for ManuScript pages, see Customizing CSS .
Format Masks
In EXAMPLE Author ®, users can apply format masks to fields. Format masks can apply to user input or display output.
To function properly, format masks must be supported in the EXAMPLE Express ®skins.
With out-of-the-box EXAMPLE Express ®skins, you can apply the following format masks to fields. In most cases, only
one format mask can be applied to any given field. If the text entered does not match the corresponding format, an
alert box informs the user that the value is invalid, and the focus is set to the offending field. All format masks are case-
sensitive.
Ensure that a format mask is supported by EXAMPLE Express ®skins before applying it to a field. A
format mask must be supported by each installation of EXAMPLE Express ®in order to function
properly. For additional information, see Format Masks in the EXAMPLE Express® Reference Guide .
Labeled Format Masks
Labeled format masks must be supported by each installation of EXAMPLE Express ®in order to function
properly. The following labeled format masks are supported by EXAMPLE Express ®out of the box.
49 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.