Created Date task was created.
Created By User who created the task. If the task was system-generated, the value will be System .
Queue Queue to which the task is assigned.
Assignee User (within the assigned queue) to which the task is assigned.
Description Task details.
Notes Any user-added notes for the task.
Task History History of the task, including any changes to assignee, queue, or status.
Attachments Documents attached to the task.
Actions available for tasks include:
•Pick up – Available only if a user has permission to view and work with tasks, as determined by privileges in
EXAMPLE UserAdmin™. Available only when a task is not already assigned. Picking up a task assigns the task
to the user who picks it up.
•Complete – Available only if a user has permission to view and work with tasks, as determined by privileges in
EXAMPLE UserAdmin™. Available only when a task is assigned to the user. Marking a task as complete sets the
state of the task to Completed .
•Decline – Available only if a user has permission to decline the task, as determined by privileges in EXAMPLE
UserAdmin™. Declining a task sets the state of the task to Closed , with a reason of Declined .
•Edit – All users can add notes. A user to whom a task is assigned can also edit the due date. A user who created
a task can edit the title, category, and description.
•Send to Queue – Available only when a task is assigned to the user. Sending a task back to the queue moves
the task back into an unassigned state within its queue.
•Reassign – Available only if a user has permission to reassign, as determined by privileges in EXAMPLE
UserAdmin™. This action allows the user to select a new queue and (if desired) a new assignee.
•Delete the task – Available only if a user has permission to delete the task, as determined by privileges in
EXAMPLE UserAdmin™. This action marks the task for deletion. The task is not deleted until the associated
policy is purged from the database.
In addition, users who have attachment privileges and have created or been assigned a task can add and delete
attachments from that task.
The Task Details page appears as follows:
21 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.