2.Edit the copy of the DefaultDictionary.resources file you just created. For information about editing resource files,
see Editing Resource Files.
3.Add or edit the REQD_FIELD_NOT_BLANK string, and give it a unique value such as “Ceci est un champ
obligatoire et ne peut pas être blanc." in French.
4.Modify your browser language settings and verify that the dashboard now reads “Ceci est un champ obligatoire et
ne peut pas être blanc.” in French. For information about changing browser languages, see Changing Browser
Languages .
Images
Some images in the EXAMPLE Express ®skins contain text, and will need to be localized if being used with a language
other than English. For example, assume that a business requirement exists to display a different logout icon for
French users in EXAMPLE Express ®.
Using the example above, adhere to the following steps to replace the padlock image with another image:
1.Localize the image found at Skins/AvantGarde2/images/icons/lock_open.png for the French culture (fr-
FR).
2.Locate the desired image file, and save it as lock_open.png in the Skins/AvantGarde2/images/icons/fr-
FR/directory.
Localized image files can be saved as .jpg, .gif, and .png files.
3.Change your browser language settings and then verify in EXAMPLE Express ®that the changes have been
implemented. For information about changing browser language settings, see Changing Browser Languages .
Changing Browser Languages
Localizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins requires that you change your browser language settings. You can change your
browser language settings by:
•Changing the language in your Web browser. For more information, see Changing Your Browser Language in a
Web Browser .
•Modifying the value of the appSettings configuration setting in the Express\web.config file. For more information,
seeChanging Your Browser Language Using a Configuration Setting .
Using a configuration setting to modify your browser language settings is recommended when changing
the browser language on multiple machines at once.
Changing Your Browser Language in a Web Browser
Using a Web browser, you can change the language to be used by the EXAMPLE Platform ®.
Changing Your Browser Language in Internet Explorer
To change your browser language in Internet Explorer:
1.On the Tools menu, click Internet Options .
134 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.