Creating a Custom Skins Directory
When customizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins, do not modify any files in the DCTCore or AvantGarde
directories. All files in these directories are overwritten during upgrades. Instead, you must create a custom
skins directory (copied from the AvantGarde directory) and modify the files in this directory.
To create a custom skins directory:
1.In the Global Root Directory \Express\Skins directory, copy the AvantGarde directory and paste it in the desired
location within the Express directory.
2.Rename the directory.
3.Make any desired customizations in the new directory. Use the information in this section to help you customize
the system.
Once you have created a custom skins directory, you must configure EXAMPLE Express ®to run using your
customized skin.
To configure EXAMPLE Express ®to use your customized skin:
1.Open the Edit Configuration Utility.
2.In the Virtual Directory list, click the desired EXAMPLE Express ®directory.
3.Under Mode , click Form .
4.On the Web Config tab, in the list of settings, click XSLTDir .
5.In the value text box, enter the relative path to the custom directory from the Global Root Directory \Express
directory (for example, Skins\MySkins ).
6.Click Save .
7.Click Close .
Overriding DCTCore Files
Customizing skins sometimes requires that you override files in the DCTCore directory. To do this, you must create a
custom skins directory, copy the desired templates or functions from the DCTCore files to that directory, and then
make your customizations. Files in the custom skins directory are called after files in the DCTCore directory and
therefore take precedence. For information about creating a custom skins directory, see Creating a Custom Skins
Directory .
When customizing EXAMPLE Express ®skins, do not modify any files in the DCTCore or AvantGarde
directories. All files in these directories are overwritten during upgrades. Instead, you must create a custom
skins directory (copied from the AvantGarde directory) and modify the files within it.
Overriding XSL Files
To override DCTCore .xsl files:
1.Create a custom skins directory. For information about creating a custom skins directory, see Creating a Custom
Skins Directory .
2.Copy the templates you wish to change from DCTCore to the appropriate files in the custom skins directory.
3.Make customizations to the templates in the custom skins directory.
77 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.