theme.css Imports the custom-cc.css, custom-buttons.css, and custom-ext.css files.
custom-cc.css Used for custom container definitions.
custom-buttons.css Used for custom button definitions.
custom-ext.css Used for theme-specific ExtJs CSS overrides.
2.In the theme.css file in the C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies\Express\Skins\[CUSTOM
SKIN]\themes\[CUSTOM THEME]\css \ directory, add the following import statements to the beginning of the
file:
@import url(custom-ext.css);
@import url(custom-cc.css);
@import url(custom-buttons.css);
3.Save the file.
If the skin.config file is configured to use a custom theme, the theme.css file will automatically be used.
The custom-cc.css, custom-buttons.css, and custom-ext.css files must be imported at the beginning of
the theme.css file.
4.In the skin.config file for the custom skin, change the value of the <Theme name> setting to the name of your
custom theme.
5.Save the file.
The custom theme is enabled, custom style definitions can be applied to it, and custom images can be added to
the custom theme's Images directory.
Customizing Avant Garde 2.1 Skins
EXAMPLE Express ®5.0 includes Avant Garde 2.1 skins. Avant Garde 2.1 skins continue Accenture Duck Creek
Technologies, Inc. effort to move toward an object oriented model using the Ext JS 3.4 Framework. Moving towards an
object oriented model, the following enhancements have been made:
•All Ext JS features are availble for customizations
•Customizations are easier through overrides and extensions
•Maintenance is easier
•Code duplication is eliminated
•Page rendering is more efficient
Avant Garde 2.1 skins configure controls as objects based on class attributes (DCT.InputIntField or
DCT.InputFloatField). Each control is built based on its type. Each DCT class individually validates, formats, sets
focus, and handles events based on its class. Classes can be globally extended or overridden at the base class or
specific child input class for any property or method. All Ext JS methods or properties may be available to be extended
or overridden. For Avant Garde 2.1 skin customizations that do not affect JavaScript controls, see Customizing Avant
Garde 2 Skins .
109 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.