Include
deleted
(optional)Indicates whether to search deleted policies and quotes or clients. Appears only if searching for
specified policies, quotes, or clients.
Out of the box, the Policy/quote number option searches the PolicyNumber column in the Quote table.
When both andandoroperators are used in a search, andoperators take precedence over oroperators. For
example, if using the following criteria to search for a policy:
Client Name contains Smith AND
Address is 4659 W. Brookside OR
Address is 1544 Birmingham Dr.
The system will return the following policies:
1. All policies with a client name that contains the text Smith and an address of 4659 W. Brookside.
2. All policies with an address of 1544 Birmingham Dr.
Policy Pages
Users can view and work with individual quotes and policies through a series of quote and policy pages in EXAMPLE
Express ®. Users can access these pages if they have the ViewQuotes privilege assigned at the entity with which a
given policy is associated. These pages include:
•Policy data pages – Users can view and work with quote and policy data through pages defined by product
ManuScripts created in EXAMPLE Author ®. For more information about these pages, see Policy Data .
•Policy Details page – Users can view general details about a quote or policy, including client information,
effective and expiration dates, agency and producer information, tasks and notifications associated with the quote
or policy, and any documents attached to the quote or policy. For more information about the Policy Details page,
seePolicy Details .
•Create Policy Documents page – Users can generate and print new quote or policy documents from this page.
For more information about the Policy Documents page, see Create Policy Documents .
With EXAMPLE TransACT ®, users can also view a page that displays a policy's transaction history, including any
transactions that have been completed or are pending on the policy. Users can also view details of existing
transactions and perform new transactions on the policy. For more information about this page and others in
EXAMPLE TransACT ®, see the EXAMPLE TransACT® 2.1 Overview .
Policy Data
Users can view and work with quote and policy data through pages defined by product ManuScripts created in
EXAMPLE Author ®. These pages are controlled by ManuScript logic but are viewed through EXAMPLE Express ®.
The following is an example of a policy data page.
27 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.