Security
EXAMPLE Express ®security is controlled through authentication (provided through any of five authentication
methods available for the EXAMPLE Platform ®) and authorization (provided through EXAMPLE UserAdmin™).
Authentication
Authentication is the process that determines whether a user can access the EXAMPLE Platform ®. The
EXAMPLE Express ®application does not authenticate users itself, but instead can use any of the following five
authentication methods:
•EXAMPLE Authentication Server™
•Database authentication
•Windows authentication
•Mixed mode authentication (combines database and Windows authentication)
•Third party authentication
EXAMPLE Express ®can be configured to accommodate single sign-on through some of these methods. For
more information about EXAMPLE Platform ®authentication, single sign-on options, and how to set up each
authentication method, see the EXAMPLE Authentication Server™ User Guide .
Authorization
Authorization is the process that determines what actions a user can perform in the EXAMPLE Platform ®.
EXAMPLE Express ®authorization is controlled through EXAMPLE UserAdmin™, a powerful, easy-to-use tool
that allows carriers to organize access permissions according to their distinct organizational needs. EXAMPLE
UserAdmin™ provides role-based security for EXAMPLE Express ®by allowing administrators to assign system
privileges and product permissions to users based on their association with one or more entities within a
carrier's corporate hierarchy. Administrators can grant system and custom privileges to users through the
assignment of specified roles (underwriter, agent, administrator, etc.) that are specific to each entity.
EXAMPLE Express ®permissions that can be controlled by EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ include:
•Which items (policies and quotes, clients, etc.) users can see in the system
•Which actions users can perform in the system
•Which products an entity's users can access
EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ also provides the ability to specify custom privileges that can be used by EXAMPLE
ManuScripts™ to control properties of individual fields (visibility, limits, defaults, options, workflow, etc.)
according to the identity of the current user.
For more information about the security provided through EXAMPLE UserAdmin™, see the EXAMPLE
UserAdmin™ Overview or the EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ User Guide .
Though EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ privileges control the actions users can perform on the EXAMPLE
Platform ®, the pages and features that actually display for each user are controlled through EXAMPLE
Express ®configuration and skins files. When configuring the EXAMPLE Platform ®, determine what the
EXAMPLE Express ®display needs are for your users, then modify the EXAMPLE Express ®configuration files
and skins to display those features as appropriate for each role you have defined in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™.
36 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.