•Terms and Conditions documents on an interview page.
•Various company facts or achievements on the left side of the page during the application process.
Methods of Loading External Content
Before embedding external content in EXAMPLE Express ®, it is important to understand the two methods of doing so:
•HTML – Use the HTML method only for retrieving content that originates from the same domain as EXAMPLE
Express ®(for example, loading the URL "content/TermsOfUse.html" which resides at http://your-site/Express/
content/TermsOfUse.html ).
Loading content(using the HTML method)from external domains can be insecure, and each browser
handles it differently (security warnings, preventing content from loading, etc.).
Since the HTML is being loaded directly into the EXAMPLE Express ®HTML document, the externally-loaded
HTML elements will inherit styling from the EXAMPLE Express ®CSS definitions. This is useful when creating an
external "Terms of Use" HTML page because the <h2> and <p> elements will be styled the identically to the <h2>
and <p> elements throughout the rest of the page.
•iFrame – The iFrame method is the recommended method for loading content from external domains. Using this
method, the external content will be contained in its own frame without being able to interact with EXAMPLE
Express ®.
Since pages in an iFrame are kept separate from EXAMPLE Express ®, iFrame content will not be altered by the
CSS definitions from EXAMPLE Express ®, making them very useful when external content should be displayed
as if it had been opened by itself.
Adding External Content
Out of the box, external content can be applied to:
•Sections through EXAMPLE Author ®
•The left panel through the skin.config file
•Dashboard modules through the ApplicationLayoutMap.xml file
Adding External Content to Sections
Using EXAMPLE Author ®, you can embed external content in EXAMPLE Express ®.
To add external content to EXAMPLE Express ®through EXAMPLE Author ®:
1.In Page Designer, click the section to which you wish to add external content.
2.In the Advanced section of the Properties pane, select a value for the Static Content Type property.
Additional properties appear in the Advanced section.
3.Enter values for all desired section properties, and then click Save .
For more information about defining section properties, see Sections in the Guide to EXAMPLE Author ®.
Adding External Content to the Left Panel
You can embed external content in the left panel by making changes to the Skin.config file.
The following configuration settings are available for use with external content:
•ContentUrl
159 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.