•Selected entity labels – The user can select from a list of entity labels. All users who belong to an entity with that
entity label will receive the notification.
EXAMPLE Express® System ManuScript
Carriers can implement a custom Message Detail ManuScript. Using a custom ManuScript allows Carriers to define
advanced editing and business rules, and to add features such as the ability to attach files to notifications.
The Message Detail ManuScript replaces the New Notification system page and the Notification Details
system page. For more information about the Notification Details page, see Notification Details Page .
For instructions on customizing EXAMPLE Express ®to use a Message Detail ManuScript, see Configuring a Message
Detail ManuScript . For more information about system ManuScripts in general, see System ManuScripts .
Notification Details Page
Users can view details of a notification by clicking that notification in a list of notifications. Like the New Notification
page, the Notification Details page can easily be customized to meet each Carrier's unique needs through one of two
approaches:
•EXAMPLE Express ®system page – Carriers can implement a built-in Notification Details system page that
allows users to view the following details about each notification.
◦From – Who sent the notification. If the notification was system-generated, the value will be System .
◦To– Recipients of the notification. This may include individual users or groups of users.
◦Policy/Quote # – Number of the policy or quote with which the notification is associated and hyperlink to
the policy or quote. If the notification is not associated with any policy or quote, this detail does not appear.
◦Deleted – Date the notification was deleted by the logged in user. This detail only appears if the notification
has been deleted by the logged in user.
◦Attachments – Documents attached to the notification.
◦Message – Text of the notification.
This page provides a simple, straightforward method for viewing notification details, and requires very little
customization.
12 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.