Grid
widgetsThe following grids and grid features are available for use with the Avant Garde 2 skin:
•Array –Array grids do not have any paging function. All of the data for the grid appears when
the page initially displays.
•Paging – Paging grids display a portion of the overall data to limit how much the user can view at
one time. By default, most pages only display 20 items at a time. The user can view additional
information by selecting the next page or specifying the page they would like to view. Paging
grids go back and retrieve data once the initial page displays.
•Editable – The EXAMPLE Platform ®uses editable grids for interview pages to allows the user to
click a cell within the row to modify the data. Once the data is modified, the updated information
is stored.
•Column Filtering – Column filters are used primarily by Duck Creek Billing™ and are only
available for paging grids. They allow users to filter lists of data based on the column. To enable
this feature, the user must click the header for the column and then select column filtering.
Column filtering can be based on strings, dates, or lists of items.
•Grouping – Groupings are used with Duck Creek Billing™ to allow grids to group similar rows
together and organize the data for the user. For example, a user may wish to group the changes
to a policy term together.
Column
tree
widgetsColumn tree widgets are only used within Duck Creek Billing™ to display an installment schedule.
This widget looks like a directory structure to help organize information for the user.
Popup
widgetsPopup widgets are used throughout the EXAMPLE Platform ®. A couple of uses for popup widgets
include:
•Modal popups used within the interview pages.
•Popups to capture user information, such as notes for Duck Creek Billing™.
Accordion
panelsAccordion panels allow multiple sections to be grouped together. With accordion panels, only one
section can be open at a time.
Collapsible
panelsCollapsible panels are used in:
•Duck Creek Billing™ in the navigation area to display high-level information for the account. They
allow sections to be open or closed based on the user preference.
•EXAMPLE Express ®to make sections within the interview pages collapsible.
Sliders Sliders are widgets that allow the user to slide a bar back and forth to increase or decrease some
value.
QuickTips QuickTips are small popup windows (usually attached to headers and lables) that display helpful
information about an item on the page. Annotation hover help is an example of a QuickTip.
Charts Chart widgets allow data to be displayed in various types of charts. Currently, the EXAMPLE
Platform ®supports the use of pie charts, line charts, and bar charts.
48 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.