•Task queues — Carriers can set up queues that serve as holding places for tasks. Queue members can pick up
tasks as time and workloads allow. For information on setting up task queues, see Setting Up Task Queues .
•Task generation/management — If desired, carriers can use ManuScript logic to generate and manage tasks
automatically during policy processing. For instructions on setting up ManuScripts to generate tasks
automatically, see Generating and Managing Tasks Automatically .
•Batch processing — If desired, carriers can set up batch processes to query the task system or execute defined
rules or processes. For information about setting up batch processing, see Tasks and Batch Processing .
Customizing Task Categories
If desired, you can customize categories for tasks. Out of the box, EXAMPLE Express ®comes with a single task
category: General. If desired, you can change this category or add new ones.
To customize task categories:
1.Open Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio and navigate to the ExampleData database.
2.In the ExampleData database, navigate to the DC_PLT_Support_CodeLists table.
3.Modify the record for the out-of-the box task category (General), or add a new record for each task category you
wish to add. Specify the following fields for each record:
Field Description Value
CultureCode Standard culture code (e.g., en-US). Allows for localized
variations of codes.Enter the desired
culture code for the
category.
CodeType Value used to group related records in the table into a logical list.
When adding task categories, use PLT_TASKTYPE.Enter
PLT_TASKTYPE .
Code Key value for the entry. This value can be any unique character
string, 20 characters or less.Enter an appropriate
code for the task
category.
SortSequence Default sort order of entries in a list of related records. Number
each entry 1–x to specify the order in which the items will appear
in the list.Null, or enter the
desired number.
Description Caption that will display in EXAMPLE Express ®. This value can
be any unique character string, 20 characters or less.Enter the desired
caption.
BaseCodeIndicator Indicator for whether the record has been customized. Enter FALSEfor any
record you add or
modify.
4.Save and close Management Studio.
Customizing Task Reason Codes
If desired, you can customize reason codes for closing a task. Out of the box, EXAMPLE Express ®comes with a single
reason code: Declined. If desired, you can change this reason code or add new ones.
161 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.