•Using the New Quote home page module – This method allows new and infrequent users to easily see where
and how to start a new quote.
•Starting a new quote from the Client Information page – This method allows users to start a new quote for an
existing client, without having to re-enter certain client information.
•Duplicating an existing quote or policy – This method allows users to create a quote very quickly by
duplicating information in another quote and then making the desired changes.
When starting a new quote from the New Quote action in the main navigation, from the home page module, or from
the Client Information page, users are presented with the ability to select the appropriate product before starting the
quote. Out of the box, EXAMPLE Express ®uses a Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. New Quote Selection ManuScript for
this process. The out-of-the-box New Quote Selection ManuScript presents two unique experiences for starting a
quote: a basic process for agents, and an extended process for carrier users such as underwriters and managers. (Out
of the box, these two processes are identical, but carriers can customize each process as desired to meet their unique
needs.)
Out of the box, the New Quote Selection ManuScript appears as follows.
Out of the box, the New Quote page contains the following fields.
Field Description
Agency Specifies the entity with which to associate the quote. This list only includes entities that are not Task
Queue entities and at which the user has the CreateQuotes privilege.
Producer Specifies the producer with which to associate the quote. This list only includes producers at the
specified agency.
Product Specifies which product to quote. This list includes all lines of business specified in EXAMPLE
UserAdmin™ for the selected agency.
If desired, carriers can use the out-of-the-box New Quote Selection ManuScript, or they can modify their
implementation to use a custom New Quote Selection ManuScript. If desired, carriers can also use an EXAMPLE
Express ®system page (or a set of system pages) to help users start the new quote process.
For instructions on customizing EXAMPLE Express ®to use a custom ManuScript for this page, see Configuring a New
Quote Selection ManuScript . For instructions on customizing EXAMPLE Express ®to use system pages for this page,
32 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.