7.Click Close .
Verifying Configuration
To verify EXAMPLE Express ®proxy configuration:
•In a Web browser, navigate to EXAMPLE Express ®using the proxy (for example, http://localhost/
ExpressProxy ).
The EXAMPLE Express ®login page should appear.
Securing IIS with a Self-Signed SSL Certificate
You can secure your IIS configuration using the SelfSSL.exe file to generate and install a self-
signed SSL certificate. However, because this tool generates a self-signed certificate that
does not come from a trusted source, Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. recommends that it only
be used in the following situations:
•When creating a security-enhanced private channel from a server to a limited, known
user group
•When troubleshooting third-party certificate issues
To generate a self-signed SSL certificate:
1.Download the SelfSSL.exe file from a trusted site such as www.Microsoft.com , or acquire it from the IIS resource
kit.
2.Because there will likely be more than one Web site on the IIS machine, execute the following command in a
command prompt to determine the site ID:
cscript iisweb.vbs/query
3.Run the SelfSSL.exe file to generate a self-signed certificate, and put it in the personal store on the server using
the following command:
Selfssl.exe/s:3 (where 3 is the site ID)
To secure your IIS configuration with a self-signed SSL certificate:
1.In IIS, right-click the EXAMPLE Express ®Web site, and then click Properties .
2.On the Directory Security tab, click Edit.
3.Ensure that the Require Secure Channel check box is selected.
Setting Up Dynamic Skin Selection
If desired, you can override the XSLTDir configuration setting in the Express\Web.config file and determine which
EXAMPLE Express ®skin to use at runtime.
When overriding the XSLTDir configuration setting, the following skin selection priority rules are used:
•If there is an “xslt” option on the URL request string or if an HTML form field named xsltexists, select that skin.
65 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.