◦Billing Server Components (Requires previous instance of EXAMPLE Server ®.)
◦Billing OnDemand Components (Requires previous instance of EXAMPLE Express ®.)
10. Click Next .
The Instance Name screen appears.
11. Enter a unique instance name for the Duck Creek Billing™ install, or accept the default.
12. Click Next .
The system begins installation and opens the configuration portion of the Duck Creek Billing™ installation.
The Configure Database Credential screen appears.
Before beginning the configuration portion of an installation, the system checks to see if Microsoft
Message Queuing is installed. If it is not installed, an alert appears asking if you wish to install MSMQ
Messaging now. Clicking Yesaborts the configuration but does not install MSMQ Messaging. You must
use Add/Remove Programs to install it manually, and then run the configuration portion again. If you
click No, the installation process will continue normally, but Duck Creek Billing™ will not work properly
until MSMQ Messaging is installed.
Configuring Database Credentials
When the Configure Database Credentials screen appears, all databases available for installation are displayed in the
Configure window.
To configure database setup and information:
1.On the Configure Database Credentials screen, select the appropriate database from the list.
2.Select the credentials to use for database installation and maintenance.
Options are:
◦Windows authentication — Use the current user's credentials.
◦SQL Server authentication — Use the Login ID andPassword entered.
To select SQL Server authentication , your SQL Server Installation must be configured to allow
SQL Server authentication.
3.Click Next .
The Reporting Services screen appears.
Configuring Reporting Services
To use the reporting features of Duck Creek Billing™, Reporting Services must be turned on and configured.
If you select the Skip reporting services configuration check box, reporting features will not be available in
Duck Creek Billing™.
6 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.