Because manual reconciliation is required for each statement and for the creation of commission records,
agency lite accounts are not recommended for large numbers of agents or for agents with more than 50
policies per statement.
Important considerations for agency lite accounts include:
•Net payments indicate that the agent is retaining the commission.
•Gross payments indicate that the commission should be paid to the agent.
•Manual data entry is not required if the statement is paid in full.
•Once an account setting is specified as gross or net, it cannot be changed.
•Net and gross commission payments cannot be mixed within an account.
Commission authorization records in direct bill are usually written to the CommissionAuthorization database table
based on rules in the commission scheme specified in the Policy Plan Setup Options. For agency lite accounts, no
commission scheme is specified, so no commission records are written.
The balances in direct bill always represent gross amounts. If payment is made in the net amount, an open balance
representing the commission the agent has retained will remain.
Configuring Agency Lite Accounts
To configure the Agency Lite option:
1.In the Billing Account Options settings in the Account Type section, make the following selections:
◦In the Account Type Code list, click Agency Lite .
◦In the Gross/Net Indicator list, click the appropriate commission option.
2.Click Save Changes .
3.In the Policy Plan Settings , in the Follow Up section, clear the PCNAllow check box to prevent the Agency Lite
policies from going into PCN status.
4.Click Save Changes .
5.Open the appropriate ManuScript.
6.In the Commission_PolicyPlan.Scheme field in the policy plan ManuScript, clear the default value to prevent
commission authorization records from being written.
For information about entering payments for an Agency Lite account or for writing off commission adjustments, see
Working with Agency Lite Accounts in the Duck Creek Billing™ User Guide .
Working with Monthly Reporting
Monthly Premium Reporting allows a business to pay higher premiums during the time the business is more active,
and lower premiums during times of reduced activity. Pricing for an MPR policy is based on the annual estimated
exposure or payroll subject to the rates, the exposure modification, and other factors the carrier has in the filing. By
reporting the actual exposure, the premium due can be accurately calculated. Businesses that may benefit from MPR
include construction contractors, amusement parks, and ski resorts.
Policy Setup
The Carrier_Billing_Policy_Account_Common_1_0_0_0 ManuScript defines the interface between policy and billing.
This ManuScript contains earned annual premium (EAP), net rate, and exposure information. This information is
38 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.