2.Save the ManuScript changes.
Working with Commissions
Commission Plans
Before premium is issued, an overall commission rate or amount must be specified. The commission can be a
percentage or a flat amount, and it can vary by policy term or be the same across all policy terms. The commission
plan can vary by the following policy attributes:
•Agent Reference
•Line Of Business
•Master Company
•Issue System
•Product Code
•Inception Date
•Policy Term Effective Date
•State
Five customer-definable keys are also used to determine the correct commission plan. One of the keys can be used to
indicate the selected coverage and premium class combination. The same definable key can be used for a separate
line of business or product in more than one commission plan.
When a policy is rated, the commission rate or flat amount is determined by performing a look-up based on policy
attributes specified in the creation of the commission plan, including the customer definable keys. The search begins at
the lowest level of the hierarchy to obtain the correct commission plan, as well as the overall rate of commission or flat
amount.
Commission plan changes are supported through the use of effective and expiration dates, which allows new policies
to use new commission rates or flat amounts and commission distributions while existing policies use prior commission
rates or flat amounts and distributions.
The commission distribution specifies the entity type that will receive the commission distribution and the amount of the
distribution. Using the entity tiers created in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™, commission plans can be inherited from a higher
agent tier to a lower tier. A commission plan that is inherited from a higher tier can only be changed at the tier where
the commission plan was created.
Commission plans associated with an account are listed on two commission plans pages:
•Active Commission Plans – Enables the user to add a plan, maintain an existing plan, and view all active
commission plans associated with an agent's account.
•Expired Commission Plans – Displays the details of expired commission plans that were previously associated
with an agent's account.
To view the commission plans associated with an account:
1.In the left navigation panel of one of the following pages, click Commission Plans :
◦Account Home
52 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.