29 36 - 64 Corrected
dataA required 29-position character field which is used to relay corrected customer
information back to the originator of that entry.
15 65 - 79 Reserved A 15-position character field which is reserved for use by the ODFI.
15 80 - 94 Trace
NumberA 15-position numeric field which uniquely identifies each entry within a batch.
Working with a Bank Details Modulus Check
Through customization and integration with Duck Creek Billing™ Automated Clearing House (ACH) and Banker's
Automated Clearing Services (BACS) verification can be utilized to reduce the number of rejected transactions.
Users can design a custom workflow using the Modulus Check Request and Account Setup provided in Duck Creek
Billing™
For more information about specific customization and integration, contact your Duck Creek Account Manager.
Working with Refunding to a Payment Source
The Refund to Payment Source feature allows refunds to be made automatically to the source of payment. It requires
configuration and integration with custom interfaces.
To utilize the Refund to Source feature:
1.From the Account Home page for the appropriate account, click Account Settings in the left navigation panel.
2.In the Disbursement section, select the Refund To Source check box.
3.Clear the Hold Disbursement Indicator check box to allow automatic disbursements.
Although no report of rejected refunds is available, a list or report can be created by the return file or a transmission
from the bank. Regardless of the reason, all rejected refunds are placed in the Items In Suspense list. The refund
must be manually re-suspended in the associated bill account, and can either be resubmitted to the source for
refunding or be refunded manually.
This feature supports both the ACH EFT format which is utilized in the United States, and the BACS EFT format which
is utilized in the United Kingdom.
The following table lists the custom interfaces required for refund processing.
Method Interface
Check Disbursement Interface
Credit Card or Debit Card Electronic Payment Interface
EFT EFT Transmission Builder
Only a user with the Override Refund To Source privilege can specify that a refund be made in a format other
than the payment source or group multiple payments into a single refund.
If the user has the required permissions, the Refund to Check and Refund to EFT check boxes are enabled.
72 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.