TheSave New Plan option will not appear until the values entered in the Commission Percentage or
Amount text box balances with the sum of the distribution percentage or amount.
The Active Commission Plans page appears.
The Save All Changes option is not enabled unless the plan has been changed.
14. Click Save All Changes to save the plan changes.
15. (Optional) Click Edit Plan to edit the new plan.
16. (Optional) Click Delete Plan to delete the new plan.
To add a renewal term:
The Terms section of the page refreshes, and displays separate Commission Rate and Commission Distribution
options for new business and renewal terms.
1.Click Add Renewal Term .
2.In the new business section, below the Commission Rate heading, click one of the following options in the Type
list:
◦Percentage
◦Flat Amount
3.In the Value text box, enter the appropriate amount.
4.Below the Commission Distribution heading, click one of the available options in the Entity Type list.
5.In the Percentage orAmount text box, enter the appropriate amount.
6.After entering the value, click the page outside of the text box to refresh the page, or tab outside the text box.
7.(Optional) Click Add New Distribution to add another entity type.
8.In the Percentage orAmount text box, enter the appropriate amount.
9.After entering the value, click the page outside of the text box to refresh the page.
10. Click Save New Plan.
11. Click Save All Changes to save the plan changes.
12. (Optional) Click Edit Plan to edit the new plan.
13. (Optional) Click Delete Plan to delete the new plan.
To edit an existing agent specific plan:
1.Click Edit Plan .
The Commission Plan Details page appears.
2.Edit the desired details.
3.Click Save Changes.
4.(Optional) Click Discard Changes to restore the previously saved plan.
5.Click Return To Plan List to return to the Active Commission Plans page.
6.Click Save All Changes to save the changes made on the previous page.
54 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.