Requesting an Ad Hoc Statement
Commission statements are produced on a specified scheduled, usually monthly. Commission statement periods do
not have overlapping days. For example, the dates included in the commission begin with January 1, 2011, at 12:00
a.m. and ends with January 31, 2011 at 11:59 p.m.
The statement period for an ad hoc statement is specified by when the statement is generated. Ad hoc statements
include all the activity that has occured since the previous statement was produced. After an ad hoc commission
statement is produced, the next commission statement is produced according to the original schedule.
An ad hoc statement does not appear for viewing, but is produced in the format or formats specified in the commission
plan setup, and is automatically placed in the appropriate statement folder. An Archive folder is also created and
contains a copy of each statement format generated for an account. By default, this folder location is: C:\Program
Files\Duck Creek Technologies\DirectBillCommissionStatements .
To request an ad hoc statement:
•On the Commission Statement Maintenance page, click Request Ad Hoc Statement .
The statement is automatically placed in the archive folder and all other appropriate folders, based on statement
format.
Adjusting the Commission Statement
Commission adjustments can be made at the account or policy level. New entries can be added to a pending
commission statement, including both negative and positive entries.
•A negative entry reflects a new claw back authorized commission. A claw back is associated with a specific
policy.
•A positive entry reflects payables that are not generated from anywhere, but rather are created and result in
additional commission for the agent can be added. Examples could include a bonus or repayment of an expense
incurred by the agent.
Adjustments can be made only on pending commission statements. A commission statement that has been paid
cannot be adjusted. Any necessary adjustment must be made on a subsequent statement.
Adjustments to a pending commission statement are recorded in the General Ledger report which is accessible from
the Billing Dashboard. The Commission Activity report is also available from the Billing Dashboard.
To adjust a commission plan:
Commission Adjustment is selected by default in the Reason list.
1.On the Commission Statement Maintenance page, enter the appropriate policy number in the Policy Number
textbox below the Statement Entries heading, and then click Search .
The account number, policy holder name and policy term information appear.
2.Click Add Commission Adjustment .
The Add Commission Adjustment window appears.
3.Enter the appropriate date, or use the calendar button calendar button.png to select a date in the Authorization
Date list.
62 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.