Compatible versions of Microsoft Excel and SQL Server are required. SQL Server 2005 requires
Microsoft Excel 2003.
Installing Duck Creek Billing™
When upgrading Duck Creek Billing™, be certain to upgrade all EXAMPLE Platform ®products to the same
version number to ensure that all the installed products work as expected.
To install Duck Creek Billing™:
Space availability and requirements for the selected features appear on the screen.
To install all the features and functionality available in Duck Creek Billing™, select both check boxes.
1.Download the Duck Creek Billing™ installation file from the Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. Support Site .
2.Execute the installation file.
The contents of the file are extracted, and the system prepares the InstallShield® Wizard. One of the following
occurs:
◦If this is not the first time you have installed Duck Creek Billing ™ — The Existing Installed Instances
Detectedscreen appears. Continue with step 3.
◦If this is the first time you are installing Duck Creek Billing ™ — The Welcome screen appears.
Continue with step 5.
3.On the Existing Installed Instances Detectedscreen, select one of the following options:
◦Install a new instance of this application — If you select this option, continue with step 4.
◦Maintain or update the instance of this application selected below — If you select this option, follow the
instructions in Modifying or Repairing an Installation .
4.Click Next .
The Welcome screen appears.
5.On the Welcome screen, click Next .
The License Agreement screen appears.
6.Read the License Agreement carefully, and then do one of the following:
◦Click I accept the terms of the license agreement to accept all terms of the agreement.
◦Click I do not accept the terms of the license agreement , and then click Cancel to end the installation
process.
7.(Optional) If you wish to print the license agreement, click Print .
8.Click Next .
The Select a Feature screen appears.
9.Select the check boxes for the features you wish to install.
Options are:
5 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.