Table
NameDefinition Setting
Paid on
WrittenPayment is not required before commission is released. The entire commission amount is
authorized when the receivable is posted. The commission authorization date is the activity
date of the policy transaction. Debit receivables create an authorization record. Credit
receivables generate a de-authorization record.POW1
Paid on
EffectiveThe commission is authorized for each policy transaction at issuance. Payment is not required
before the commission is released. The commission authorization date is the latter of the
effective date or the activity date of the policy transaction.POE1
Paid on
Paid Pro
RataPayment is required before commission is released. The amount of commission that has been
paid to date for a given receivable is evaluated. Next, based on the payment activity, the
amount of commission that should have been paid is evaluated. The difference is the
commission amount that is authorized. The activity date of the payment is used as the
commission authorization date for all debit policy transactions. All other policy transactions
use the activity date of the policy transaction as the commission authorization date .When
premiums are written off, the corresponding commission amount is still authorized.POP1
Paid on
Paid
First
PaymentThe entire commission amount is paid when the first payment is applied to the receivable.
Receiving one valid payment on the policy term releases the commission for that policy term.
The activity date of the payment is used as the commission authorization date for a new
business or a renewal policy transaction. All other policy transactions use the activity date of
the policy transaction as the commission authorization date.POP2
Paid on
First
PaidThe commission is released following the receipt of one valid payment on the policy term. The
latter of the policy transaction effective date or the activity date of the payment is used as the
commission authorization date for a new business or renewal policy. All other policy
transactions use the latter of the policy transaction effective date or the activity date of the
policy transaction as the commission authorization date.POP4
Working with Agent Commissions
Agent Commission accounts are used to specify how commissions are paid to the various levels that are determined
when the commission account is created. The commissions features in Duck Creek Billing™ can be customized
through ManuScript configuration to accommodate a variety of commission plans and payment schemes.
The first step for working with agent commission is creating the multi-level commission feature using the role-based
security features in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™. Next, a Direct Bill Commission account is created to contain the details
for how and when the commission is collected and distributed to the agent. Part of the account creation includes
specifying the format that will be used to generate commission statements for the account. After the hierarchy is
created, the agent's account is setup, and statement format is specified, the final step for working with agent
commission is actually creating commission plans to associate with the agent's account. Commission plans can be
created, edited, or deleted using the Commission Statement Maintenance page. Commission plans can be inherited
through the hierarchy created in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™. The following topics explain each of these required steps in
detail.
57 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.