EFT Draw
Offset Days10
Target Draw
Days16
Policy
Effective
DateJanuary
16
Draw
Transmission
Offset Days2
Policy Issue/
Entry DateJanuary
31
EFT Out of
Cycle Draw
Due to Late
EntrySelected
EFT Out of
Cycle Next
Draw Offset
Days7The policy is late entered because sufficient time (10 days) does not exist for the EFT
draw between the Policy Issue/Entry Date and the Policy Effective Date. Because the
value of the EFT Out of Cycle Next Draw Offset Days is 7, there is not sufficient time for
the EFT draw before the next scheduled draw on February 16, so no out of cycle
installment is inserted. Depending on the value for the Late Entered Strategy Code in
thePolicy Plan Setup , the missed installment will either be caught-up with the next
installment or spread over subsequent installments.
Late Entered Strategy can be used for both single and multiple policy accounts. Missed installments are included in the
Installment Schedule, which is accessible from the left navigation panel from the Account Home page.
Change the date filter on the Installment Schedule page to view missed installments. Depending on the value
for the Late Entered Strategy Code in the Policy Plan Setup , the missed installment will either be caught-up
with the next installment or spread over subsequent installments.
To use the Late Entered Strategy feature:
1.In the Billing Account Plan Setup Base 1.0.0.0 ManuScript, specify the following values:
If the value in the EFT Out of Cycle Next Draw Offset Days is not met, the out-of-cycle draw is not
processed. Depending on the value for the Late Entered Strategy Code in the Policy Plan Setup , the
missed installment will either be caught-up with the next installment or spread over subsequent
installments.
◦Set the EFT Out of Cycle Draw Due to Late Entry parameter to True (1).
◦Set the EFT Out of Cycle Next Draw Offset Days parameter to specify the number of days before the next
scheduled draw that the out-of-cycle draw should be processed. This setting can be 0which does not
specify a number of days and means the installment is automatically processed.
51 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.