Configuring the Disbursement Authorization Privilege
The Disbursement Authorization feature allows Duck Creek Billing™ users to create a threshold for automatic
disbursements, and requires a specific privilege to enable a user to authorize a disbursement.
Disbursements can be processed automatically without any authorization. Out-of-the-box, the account authorization
limit default is 0, which prevents automatic disbursements.
For more information about using this feature, see Working with Disbursement Authorization in the Duck
Creek Billing™ User Guide .
Specifying the Automatic Disbursement Value
To allow automatic disbursements up to a specific amount:
•Change the value of the AutomaticDisbursementAuthorizationLimit field in the Disbursement_AccountPlan group
in the Billing_Policy_Account_Common_1_0_0_0 ManuScript to the appropriate value.
Automatic disbursements will now be processed up to and including this amount with no authorization required.
Working with the Disbursement Authorization Privilege
To create the required privilege for authorizing disbursements and associate that privilege with a user:
Only one disbursement authorization limit may be designated for a user.
1.Open EXAMPLE UserAdmin™, and in the left navigation panel, click Add a role .
2.Enter a role name and description in the appropriate text boxes.
3.Click Select General System and then select the appropriate privileges.
4.Click Select Policy Administration and then select the appropriate privileges.
5.Click Billing Administration and then select the appropriate privileges.
6.Click Author Administration , select the appropriate privileges, and the click Finish .
7.Click the View Entities Associated with this role button
 for the newly created role.
8.Click Add more entities to role .
9.Enter a name in the Enter Name text box and then click Search .
10. Select the appropriate entities, and then click Add roles to these entities .
11. Click Manage role/privilege associations in the left navigation panel.
12. In the Role list click the appropriate role, and then in the Privilege list, click BIL_AuthorizeDisbursement .
13. Enter DisbursementAuthorizationLimit in the Name text box, enter the appropriate value in the Value text box,
and then click Insert .
14. To create a new user or associate this role with an existing user, see Working with Users .
The Disbursements Pending Authorization report is accessible from the Billing Dashboard, and lists all pending
disbursements awaiting authorization. This report can be used to verify and authorize disbursements for Duck Creek
Billing™ accounts.
The Disbursement Activity report, also accessible from the Billing Dashboard, lists all the processed disbursements.
82 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.