Auto Rescind
Tolerance
DaysDetermines the tolerance number of days
within the Auto Rescind Equity Date that
a recalculated current equity date must
be in order to rescind a policy term.Any positive integer. 5
Auto
Reinstate
DaysDetermines the number of days from the
term expiration date that the equity term
expiration date and the equity date must
meet after a payment has been made on
the cancelled policy. If the payment made
on the cancelled policy term brings the
equity date to be greater than the term
expiration date minus the Auto Rescind
Days, the system will send a request for
reinstatement to the issue system.Any integer between 0 and
365.0
Changing Bill Plans at Policy Renewal or Re-issue
Out of the box, Duck Creek Billing™ does not allow users to change the selected bill plans at the account or policy
level when a policy is renewed or re-issued. Customization is required to allow a bill plan to be changed at policy
renewal or re-issue.
To change bill plans during policy re-issuance or renewal:
Code changes are required to retrieve the correct bill plan during the process of rendering the Renewal and
Re-issue pages.
1.Verify that the Submission page displays the current bill plan for the policy being re-issued or renewed.
2.Verify that the options displayed in the Select Billing Plan list are compatible with the selected account level bill
plan.
3.Open the NewPolicyTermCommon.xsl file in Notepad or another text editor program.
By default this file is located at C:\Program Files\Duck Creek Technologies\Transform\.
4.Navigate to the BillClass section, and delete the <!--opening tag and the -->closing tag for the section to
execute the code.
5.Save the file.
A different bill plan may now be specified when the policy is renewed or re-issued.
Working with the Agency Lite Feature
Direct bill systems typically use a gross premium basis for statement reconciliation. The Agency Lite feature in Duck
Creek Billing™ allows agencies with low volumes of small agent accounts to reconcile statements on a net settlement
of accounts basis using direct bill features.
37 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.