To configure reporting services:
Options are:
1.On the Configure Reporting Services screen, select the credentials to use for Installation/Maintenance.
◦Connect using your current credentials — Connect to the report server as the user running the install.
◦Connect using the EXAMPLE Server ®credentials (DCTWP User) — Connects to the report server as
the DCTWP User or whatever is specified in the Worker Process login ID during database credential
configuration.
At runtime the credentials for the DCTWP User are used.
2.In the Report Server field, enter the name of the server to use for the SQL Reporting Services web service
3.(Optional) Click Test to test the reporting server.
4.In the Deploy reports to this report server folder field, enter the name of the folder to store the reports in.
5.Click Next .
Executing the Duck Creek Billing™ Installation
When the installation is ready to configure your system for Duck Creek Billing™, the following list of installation items
appears:
•XML Files
•Manuscripts
•Database Setup
•Reporting Setup
By default, the installation executes all items in this list. If you do not wish the installation to execute an item, clear the
check box beside that item.
Clearing a check box causes the installation to notexecute a process and may prevent Duck Creek Billing™
from running correctly.
During installation, if a database does not exist, the installation creates that database and executes all selected
processes. If the database already exists, however, the installation compares the existing database structure to the
appropriate scripts. (You can view a list of differences between the existing structure and these scripts by clicking the
Preview Changes button.) If the Database Setup check box is selected, the installation then makes the appropriate
changes to the existing database tables and columns.
To see changes to the XML Files andDatabase Setup items, click Preview Changes beside the
appropriate item.
To execute the selected installation items:
1.Click Finish .
7 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.