Unidentified
CashLists unidentified cash entered into the system.
Commission
ActivityDisplays all authorized commissions that occurred on a particular day. This report may be used to
interface with a customer's check-writing system that actually pays commissions to agents. The
interface may be configured at implementation time. The system will extract information from the
Bill Item and Commission Authorization tables during the daily batch process. It then produces a
daily report of all commissions that have been authorized that day.
Disbursement
ActivityIncludes all disbursement activity for Duck Creek Billing™ accounts.
Disbursements
Pending
AuthorizationLists all pending disbursements awaiting disbursement authorization.
General
LedgerDisplays the amounts on the general ledger to date. This is not a daily scheduled report but is
produced when requested.
Payment
Batch ActivityDetailed account of payment batch activity.
Transaction
BalancingQueries all of the database tables to ensure everything is in balance.
Working with Manual Letter Generation
Duck Creek Billing™ functionality provides a framework for customization to allow the user configure a menu link in the
left navigation panel of a specified page to open a particular ManuScript page. Examples of this functionality that are
available out of the box include the EFT Maintenance page and the Commission Plans page.
Using this framework, after customization, users can manually trigger the generation of specified letters from Duck
Creek Billing™ for viewing and printing. The letters are generated by clicking the Account Workflow link in the left
navigation panel from the Account Home page for the appropriate account . Letters can also be generated by clicking
thePolicy Workflow link on the left navigation panel of the Policy Term Summary page for a specific policy associated
with that account.
The link names may be customized by the user during implementation.
When a letter is printed, that activity appears on the Recent Account Activity list for the account, and includes a
paperclip link
 that allows the user to open the letter for viewing.
To print a letter using Manual Letter Generation:
1.From the left navigation panel on the Account Home page, click Account Workflow .
88 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.