Working with Multi-level Commisisons
The multi-level commission feature is enabled by using the role-based security features in EXAMPLE UserAdmin™.
Recommended Reading:
TheEXAMPLE UserAdmin™ Overview describes the basic concepts of role-based security and how the
EXAMPLE Platform ®uses EXAMPLE UserAdmin™, and the "Initial Setup" in the EXAMPLE UserAdmin™
User Guide , which describes the process of working with entities, roles, and users.
EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ may be used to set up and define the entities, roles, users and hierachy (parent/child
relationships for commission distribution and plan inheritance. Commissions may be distributed at one or multiple
levels in the hierarchy as specified in the commission plan that is created for an account. Commission plans can be
created at one tier, and then be inherited by a lower tier, but they cannot be created at a lower tier and then be
inherited at a higher tier.
A policy's commission plan is determined when the policy is entered. The policy administration system retrieves the
commission plan ID and sends it to Duck Creek Billing™ where it is stored in each BillItem record. When the
commission is distributed, it pulls the appropriate commission plan using the commission plan ID. The necessary keys
are used to search from the lowest tier of the hierarchy to obtain the correct commission plan and distribution. The
commission distribution includes each recipient ID, as well as the recipients’ distributed commission percentage.
When a search for a commission plan begins, it is based on both the fixed and variable policy attributes specified in the
commission plan. The search begins at the lowest level of the hierarchy and moves upward. If no match is found at the
first level, the search moves to the next tier in the hierarchy. If a match is found at this tier, the commission plan is
returned. The search process continues through all the tiers, and if no match is found at the highest tier, an error is
returned.
For a given commission plan, the user may also specify different rates and distributions for new business and
renewals.
Overview for Creating a Multi-Level Commission Plan
The following table includes the process for creating a multi-level commission plan.
Step Description
1 Determine the required hierarchy.
2 Determine whether to use existing entity types or create new entity types for your commission structure.
3 To create new entity types, see Working with Entity Types .
4 Determine what entities need to be added to the entity types.
5 To create new entities, see Working with Entities .
6 Associate the required roles with each entity.
7 If additional roles are needed, see Working with Roles to create new roles.
58 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.