3.Click Select General System and then select the appropriate privileges.
4.Click Select Policy Administration and then select the appropriate privileges.
5.Click Billing Administration and then select the appropriate privileges.
6.Click Author Administration , select the appropriate privileges, and the click Finish .
7.Click the View Entities Associated with this role button
 for the newly created role.
8.Click Add more entities to role .
9.Enter an entity name in the Enter Name text box and then click Search .
10. Select the appropriate entities, and then click Add roles to these entities .
11. Click Manage role/privilege associations in the left navigation panel.
12. In the Role list click the appropriate role, and then in the Privilege list, click BIL_EftMaintenance .
13. Enter EFTMaintenance in the Name text box, enter the appropriate value in the Value text box, and then click
Insert .
14. To create a new user or associate this role with an existing user, see Working with Users .
Working with an Automated Notice of Change
The bank account information used by EFT invoice accounts is automatically updated or created in Duck Creek
Billing™ in response to messages from a bank or payment processing service.
When Duck Creek Billing™ receives a message to change the bank details for an account, the changes are made
automatically. When the changes are successfully processed, a message is added to the Recent Account Activity list
for the account.
To prevent disclosure of confidential information, details are not included in the message on the Recent
Account Activity list. For example, a routing number change would not include the actual routing number,
but instead would only indicate the routing number has changed.
An error message is created in the Billing Error Queue if bank account changes are not processed by Duck Creek
Billing™.
Changes are effective when they are processed and do not affect any previous transactions. If an account is on hold
when a change message is received, Duck Creek Billing™ processes the message and the account is updated. Details
can be edited after they are automatically updated.
The following table lists the specific ACH file format requirements for the records affected by an Automated Notice of
Change.
Record Name ACH File Format Requirements
67 Contains proprietary information. Copyright 2012 Accenture Duck Creek. All rights reserved.