Our Leadership Team | Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Origami Risk Leadership Meet the team driving Origami Risk forward with business and tech innovation insights. Earne Bentley Chief Revenue Officer Read bio Earne Bentley is an accomplished risk management technology executive who has successfully led various sales and service practices throughout his career. Since 2019, he has held the position of President, Risk Solutions at Origami Risk. In this capacity, Earne spearheads the strategic direction of the development, sales, and service for a range of products including RMIS, GRC, EHS, and Healthcare solutions. His responsibilities also extend to ensuring Origami’s values and practices are brought to life for the company’s clients and employees. Additionally, he actively seeks and guides opportunities for expansion and growth through the development of new business relationships. Earne is the recipient of a Business Insurance Breakout Award and an alumnus of Auburn University. Ryan Cantor Chief Product & Technology Officer Read bio As Chief Product and Technology Officer at Origami Risk, Ryan Cantor leads the global Product and Technology organization, spanning product management, engineering, UI/UX, cloud operations, and internal IT. With a team of over 300 professionals, he drives innovation and execution across Origami’s high-growth, cloud-based SaaS platform serving the Risk Management and Core Insurance markets. Ryan brings over 15 years of executive leadership experience in SaaS, product strategy, and technology. Prior to joining Origami Risk, he served as Chief Product Officer at Thryv, where he led both product and engineering teams from inception to over $300M in annual recurring revenue. Under his leadership, Thryv delivered solutions to more than 85,000 small and mid-sized businesses across the U.S., Canada, Australia, and New Zealand, achieving 1,400% growth in user engagement and consistently delivering 25%+ annual revenue growth—profitably. Known for his pragmatic, data-driven leadership style, Ryan emphasizes vision, culture, and accountability. He champions a high-performing, collaborative environment that empowers teams to focus, execute, and deliver business-critical results. As a coach and mentor, he is committed to developing talent and fostering organizational resilience. Ryan is recognized for his ability to simplify complexity, lead through change, and keep teams aligned amid ambiguity. He is passionate about product-led growth, customer-centric innovation, and using data to guide strategic decisions. Ryan Dardis Senior Vice President of Sales Read bio With over 20 years of leadership in B2B SaaS, Ryan Dardis serves as Origami Risk’s first company-wide executive sales leader. He brings deep expertise in driving sustainable growth, optimizing go-to-market strategies, and aligning global teams to scale high-performing sales organizations. Prior to joining Origami Risk, Ryan held senior leadership roles at some of the world’s most respected technology companies. At Salesforce, he led the Strategic Enterprise segment for Slack following its $28 billion acquisition, and previously doubled revenue in the Central U.S. Commercial business as Area Vice President of Sales. His earlier roles include Area Vice President at Oracle and Enterprise Region Manager at Cisco, where he consistently delivered transformational results. Ryan is known for building values-driven, resilient sales cultures that thrive in dynamic environments. His leadership is grounded in a commitment to client success, operational excellence, and long-term growth. Nikki Facchini Chief People Officer Read bio Nikki Facchini is a dynamic HR leader committed to developing strategic relationships with business partners to help move organizations forward. As Chief People Officer of HR at Origami Risk, Nikki is responsible for all aspects of HR including talent acquisition and retention, organizational design, employee development, benefits, compensation, and employee relations. Prior to joining Origami Risk, Nikki was the VP of People for SpotHero where she oversaw the overall strategy of the People function focusing on building and implementing the programs and infrastructure to develop, engage, and retain the best talent for the company. Nikki holds a bachelor’s degree in Science with a focus in Human Resources Management from National Louis University. She also holds a Senior Professional of Human Resources certification from the Human Resources Certification Institute. Neil Hayes General Counsel Read bio Neil Hayes serves as Origami Risk’s General Counsel, with responsibility for all legal matters and management of Origami Risk’s legal team. As a three-time general counsel, Neil has over 20 years of experience supporting and scaling high-growth, technology-focused businesses. Neil brings expertise in M&A, commercial contracts, corporate governance, intellectual property, privacy and security, litigation and employment matters. Prior to joining Origami Risk, Neil was General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer for Crossroads.ai, a venture-backed technology innovator and SaaS platform provider in the digital advertising and intent-based data marketing space. Neil has also held several senior legal positions with both public and private companies. Neil began his career as an associate with the law firms of Baker & McKenzie and McDermott, Will & Emery in Chicago. Neil received an A.B. in History from Stanford University and a J.D. from the University of Michigan Law School. Mike Kaplan Chief Client Officer Read bio Mike is an experienced executive with expertise in operations, customer success, professional services, business management, and go-to-market strategy. As President at Origami, Mike leads the division focused on solutions for insurers, MGAs, TPAs, and risk pools. Prior to joining Origami, Mike was the Chief Customer Officer at Integrate. Mike spent ten years at Salesforce in global leadership roles focused on operational scale across multiple functions and regions including, Vice President of Marketing Cloud’s Interaction Studio business, Vice President of Global Success, Vice President of Global Services and operations, and Vice President of North America Services & Global Operations. Mike joined Salesforce via the $2.5 billion acquisition of ExactTarget in 2013, where he spent two years helping scale the professional services business. Mike received his MBA in Finance from Butler University and has bachelor’s degrees in Operations Management and Computer Information Systems from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University. Rhiannon Naslund Chief Marketing Officer Read bio Rhiannon brings decades of experience in B2B marketing, with a strong track record of crafting data-driven strategies and executing high-impact campaigns that deliver measurable results. As a seasoned leader in the SaaS and healthcare sectors, she combines strategic insight with creative vision to drive brand growth and customer engagement. Before joining Origami Risk, Rhiannon was the CMO at Kalderos. There, she developed deep expertise in brand management, digital and product marketing, and omnichannel engagement—skills she now leverages to elevate Origami Risk’s marketing efforts and connect meaningfully with customers. Mike Pecak Senior Vice President of Professional Services Read bio Mike Pecak is a seasoned executive with over two decades of proven success driving growth, transformation, and operational excellence across global organizations providing IT managed services, enterprise software, and SaaS solutions to the institutional asset management, capital markets, and Insurtech industries. As Senior Vice President of Professional Services at Origami Risk, Mike leads the end-to-end delivery of all client implementations and projects across the company’s comprehensive suite of solutions, including Claims Administration, Policy Administration, Billing, RMIS, GRC, EHS, ERM, and Healthcare.  Before leading Origami Risk Professional Services, Mike served as Vice President of Client Services for the Risk Services Division, where he oversaw both Professional Services and Client Success, building high-performing delivery teams and elevating the client experience. Previously, Mike spent 9 years at Eze Software (now part of public firm SS&C Technologies, Inc.) in the role of Managing Director of Global Client Services, leading the business’s Professional Services, Client Solutions, Product Solutions, Customer Success, and Service Operations functions. His leadership spanned multiple ownership transitions, having previously held senior leadership positions in both Technology Operations and Client Services for the same business during its tenure as a wholly owned subsidiary of TPG Capital; of ConvergEx Group LLC; of Barclays plc; and of Lehman Brothers, Inc. Mike holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Management Information Systems from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Robert Petrie President & CEO Read bio Bob Petrie is recognized as an innovative and dynamic leader in risk management technology and operations. He is frequently quoted in trade magazines, has been profiled in industry publications, and speaks often at national and local conferences and meetings. Bob co-founded Origami Risk in 2009, and the company quickly became a leader in the RMIS Industry. Under Bob’s leadership, Origami Risk has formed partnerships with leading brokers and risk consultants to provide advanced technology and improved service to their clients, including risk managers, financial officers, insurance companies, brokers, and third-party administrators. Origami Risk is an independent company; owned entirely by its management. Our sole focus is to help our clients improve efficiency across the policy lifecycle and provide advanced analytics to measure, manage, and mitigate the total cost of risk. Bob is an experienced senior executive with a long history of founding successful technology businesses. Prior to Origami Risk, Bob was the Head of Global Operations and Client Technology for Marsh with more than 3,000 employees in 11 countries. As the executive in charge of improving operational efficiency and client satisfaction, Bob helped design and implement a new business model for Marsh. Bob also founded and was the long-time CEO of CS STARS (later, Marsh ClearSight). Under Bob’s leadership, Bob grew STARS to be the largest RMIS company in the world, as reported by Business Insurance magazine. While working at Marsh, Bob also formed and led other high-growth technology businesses including Whereiwork.com, BenefitSmart.com, and STARS Audit. Rick Stearns Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer Read bio Rick Stearns serves as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer for Origami Risk and oversees all financial activities including strategic planning, financial planning and analysis, customer insights and analysis, mergers and acquisitions, accounting, tax, and treasury. Rick has over 25 years of experience working in financial services and has advised numerous public and private companies on matters relating to corporate finance and strategy. Prior to joining Origami, Rick was the Founder and Managing Partner of Riker Capital, a Chicago-based merchant banking firm. Prior to that, he was a Managing Director at Lazard. Rick received the Dean’s Award for Academic Achievement at J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management where he earned a Master’s in Management. He received his B.A. from Amherst College. LinkedIn Careers Join the team We believe in a dynamic, collaborative workplace that values creativity and client success. Join the team Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent