Home | Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Complete insurance, risk, and safety solutions on one cloud platform Connect your data to fully integrated workflows for intelligent insights and better results on the only purpose-built platform for risk, safety, and insurance. Trusted by industry leaders ONE PLATFORM Purpose-built for resilience Streamline workflows, ensure compliance, and implement practical AI capabilities into your operations with a platform built to scale with your risk management and safety programs or policy and claims administration operations. Advanced automation powered by AI-capabilities. Secure, scalable architecture for risk and insurance. Seamless integrations with API-driven flexibility. Explore the platform Origami Risk AI Boost productivity and insights with AI tools built for real-world risk, safety, and insurance workflows. Learn more Reporting and Analytics Drive smarter decision-making with intuitive dashboards, integrated insights, and pre-built and ad hoc reports. Learn more Origami Mobile Capture data on the go with a mobile app that keeps teams connected, efficient, and focused on what matters. Learn more MULTIPLE SOLUTIONS Configurable solutions for better performance at scale Align comprehensive data analysis with more intelligent insights that drive better insurance administration and risk management decision-making and results. P&C Insurance Risk Management Information System (RMIS) Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Healthcare Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Explore solutions P&C Insurance Gain a competitive edge, transcend customer expectations Enhance policy and claims administration with configurable solutions that improve data assessment, analysis, and underwriting processes. Learn more Risk Management Information System (RMIS) Deliver proactive insight and strategic precision to risk management Connect risk and insurance data to streamline processes, inform insights, and improve management of incidents, claims, policies, exposures, and more. Learn more Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Power a safer, more compliant workplace Facilitate a culture of safety and compliance by increasing collaboration and improving visibility into the success of proactive safety practices. Learn more Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) GRC technology with intelligence and insight Raise insight of risk impact to an enterprise-level understanding with comprehensive solutions tailored for organizational resilience and optimal performance. Learn more Healthcare Minimize risk and maximize patient and employee safety Improve patient safety and employee health with clear communication and increased operational and reporting efficiency through a fully integrated healthcare solution. Learn more Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance to build enterprise resilience Connect RMIS, EHS, and GRC data and workflows in a single platform to improve visibility, streamline operations, and strengthen your organization’s ability to adapt. Learn more Explore solutions PROVEN RESULTS Setting a higher standard for our clients Unifying Safety, Reducing Risk: How Boise Cascade Streamlined EHS Management with Origami Risk Boise Cascade unified safety processes with Origami Risk’s EHS suite, boosting visibility and streamlining reporting. Read case study Driving Safety and Savings: How ABM Industries Transformed Risk Management With over 100,000 employees serving approximately 20,000 clients across more than 15 industries, ABM Industries embarked on an ambitious, long-term transformation initiative to unify operations and drive consistent excellence across the organization. Read case study Mission Underwriters Exceeds KPIs With Speed-to-Value Execution Strategy Mission launched 60 lines and hit $500M GWP — powered by fast implementations, unified policy administration, and strong data governance. Read case study Navigating Change: How Moran Towing Overcame Legacy System Challenges to Improve Safety and Claims Management Moran Towing faced growing challenges with an outdated system that hindered access to claims, incident, and certificate data, limiting transparency across the organization. Read case study Delivering Results: How DHL Streamlined Claims and Elevated Risk Management with Origami Risk DHL uses Origami Risk’s RMIS to streamline claims, uncover loss trends, and promote safety best practices. Read case study Building Smarter Risk Management: How McCarthy Transformed Compliance and Visibility with Origami Risk McCarthy Building Companies used Origami Risk’s configurable platform to automate and streamline risk management through its Mitigation Action Planning (MAP) program. Read case study Harford Mutual Modernizes Claims with Origami Risk to Support Strategic Growth and Digital Transformation Facing evolving market demands and ambitious growth plans, Harford Mutual Insurance Group partnered with Origami Risk to replace its legacy claims system—completing a complex digital transformation across 10 states and 10 lines of business in just 14 months. Read case study Empowering School Risk Pools: How WSRMP Transformed Efficiency and Member Service with Origami Risk Washington Schools Risk Management Pool modernized its operations with Origami Risk’s pool management system, reducing data errors, accelerating renewals, and enabling data-driven insights that enhance member experience and preventive risk management. Read case study INDUSTRIES WE SERVE Solutions to meet your most complex challenges Discover how our platform centralizes data management, improves operations, and scales to meet the needs of organizations like yours. P & C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation News and insights View more Solution Sheet Internal Audit Blog Why Waiting for Data Is Costing You and What You Can Do About It Press Release Origami Risk Recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Governance, Risk and Compliance Tools, Assurance Leaders View more ABOUT US Committed to your security, trust, and loyalty Your success is our priority. We power better risk management and insurance administration through strategic innovation, backed by the support of our highly skilled team and superior service every step of the way. About us Careers at Origami Risk Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent