Risk & Safety Solutions for Government Entities | Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo GOVERNMENT Transform risk oversight into proactive public service Harness the power of your safety, insurance, and claims data to identify trends, reduce risk, support compliance, and inform decisions that benefit those you serve. PUBLIC SECTOR RISK AND SAFETY SOLUTIONS Simplify risk, safety, and compliance workflows Break down silos, automate manual tasks, and surface insights to help your team work smarter and respond faster — spending less time on administrative activities and more time fulfilling its mission. Download solution sheet Gain visibility across departments Centralize data and break down silos to uncover trends and drive informed decisions. Improve incident management Accelerate intake, automate workflows, and close the loop on corrective actions. Strengthen compliance and control Track COIs, inspections, audits, and more to reduce risk and ensure accountability. STREAMLINE PROCUREMENT Learn how you can fast-track a risk technology purchase Download now INTEGRATED RISK MANAGEMENT FOR PUBLIC ENTITIES One platform for complete risk and safety visibility Connect risk, claims, insurance, and safety data on a single, cloud-based platform that supports a holistic approach to managing risks across the range of services your public entit y provide s . Risk Management Information System (RMIS) Claims Administration Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Risk Management Information System (RMIS) Centralize your incidents, claims, and policy data Track exposures, streamline renewals, and reduce your total cost of risk with a configurable solution designed to improve efficiency and support better risk and insurance decisions. Learn more Claims Administration Streamline claims handling and improve outcomes Automate workflows, centralize communication and documentation, and integrate with nurse case management and medical billing providers to improve efficiency and visibility throughout the claims lifecycle. Learn more Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Keep employees and citizens safe and healthy Capture safety data in the field, conduct mobile inspections, and use analytics to identify risks, eliminate hazards, and reduce injuries for employees and people in the communities you serve. Learn more Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Align risk strategy and agency goals Support your enterprise risk management program, manage policies and procedures, and monitor compliance to reduce risk, strengthen accountability, and achieve strategic objectives. Learn more Case Studies Explore our clients’ real-world success stories Wichita Public Schools Improves Incident Reporting, Claims Management, and More with Origami Risk Wichita Public Schools replaced a legacy claims system with Origami Risk’s RMIS to streamline incident reporting and claims management, centralize retirement data, and eliminate time-consuming manual processes. Read case study Larimer County protects their resources with Origami Risk’s comprehensive risk management capabilities For over a decade, Origami Risk has served as the technology foundation supporting the County’s risk management program. Read case study State of Delaware Claims Team Boosts Efficiency with Origami Risk Origami Risk enabled the State of Delaware to streamline claims processes, reduce redundant data entry, and improve team communication. Read case study King County Metro Streamlines Safety with Origami Risk Origami Risk helped King County Metro replace 12 legacy systems, centralize safety data, and improve incident visibility and response across its transit operations. Read case study Pima County Unifies Data to Boost Safety, Compliance, and Fleet Oversight Origami Risk helped Pima County centralize employee data across 43 departments, improving training, compliance, and fleet safety while reducing manual effort and enhancing audit readiness. Read case study Contract with us NAICS: 541511 (Custom Computer Programming Services) DUNS Number: 929808512 CAGE Code: 6JMK4 SAM: REGISTERED AWS GovCloud hosted solution News and insights View more Case Study Pima County Case Study Wichita Public Schools Case Study Larimer County View more Connect with us Discover how our platform and solutions can help you achieve your goals. Request a demo Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent