Core Insurance Platform for Insurance Carriers | Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo P&C INSURANCE | CARRIERS Invest in the right tech to drive sustainable growth for your business Get to market faster by implementing a highly configurable platform, backed by support from a trusted team of experts. Scale with confidence in the cloud. LINES OF BUSINESS Cloud-native solutions designed for insurance The only platform with the flexibility to power any line of business. Commercial Lines Streamline policy and claims servicing with configurable tools that adapt to the complex needs of businesses across industries. Workers’ Compensation Simplify case management with a return-to-work process that supports injured workers while driving efficiency from first report of injury. Medical Professional Liability (MPL) Accelerate speed to value with out-of-the-box, key MPL functionality that meets clients’ unique requirements. Personal Lines Empower agents and policyholders with seamless digital experiences across the entire personal insurance lifecycle. Leverage your comprehensive data for smarter insights Unlock intelligence-driven insights with AI workflow accelerators and a platform that breaks down data silos. Stay up to date with automatic product upgrades in the cloud Trust your core technology is future-ready with updates delivered automatically to keep your software current. Supercharge your tech stack with an open insurance ecosystem Propel your business forward with secure, fast connections to in-house systems and trusted third-party providers. GUIDE AI is transforming risk and insurance, but are you ready to lead the change? Get the guide Secure the future of your business on one natively integrated platform Stay competitive in changing markets and leverage industry trends for strategic growth through a secure, scalable platform that expands when you do. Explore solutions Solutions End-to-end, integrated core insurance solutions Take control of the entire insurance lifecycle with configurable cloud-based technology that adapts to your business and provides actionable intelligence for better decision-making. Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Policy Administration Transform policy operations Deliver products to market quickly and manage the entire policy lifecycle from a comprehensive system that supports straight-through processing. Learn more Billing Elevate billing capabilities Facilitate meaningful customer interactions with billing options for automating collection, providing payment convenience, managing commissions, and delivering account visibility. Learn more Claims Administration Optimize claims handling Reduce loss ratios, deliver exceptional service, and improve operational efficiency with workflows and automated routing that gets claims to the right adjusters at the right time. Learn more Case studies Explore real-world success stories featuring our clients Harford Mutual Modernizes Claims with Origami Risk to Support Strategic Growth and Digital Transformation Facing evolving market demands and ambitious growth plans, Harford Mutual Insurance Group partnered with Origami Risk to replace its legacy claims system—completing a complex digital transformation across 10 states and 10 lines of business in just 14 months. Read case study Mission Underwriters exceeds KPIs with speed-to-value execution strategy Mission launched 60 lines and hit $500M GWP — powered by fast implementations, unified policy administration, and strong data governance. Read case study Modernizing Municipal Risk Management: How CVMIC Enhanced Engagement with Origami Risk’s Cloud Platform CVMIC replaced its outdated system with Origami Risk’s cloud-based platform to improve access and collaboration. Read case study News and insights View more Solution Sheet Internal Audit Blog Why Waiting for Data Is Costing You and What You Can Do About It Press Release MG Skinner Implements Origami Risk’s Cloud-Native P&C Platform to Drive Growth of Specialty Crime, D&O Lines View more Connect with us. Discover how our platform and solutions can help you achieve your goals. Request a demo Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent