Construction Risk & Safety Management Software | Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo CONSTRUCTION Control risk, safety, and compliance – on site and off Reduce risk, ensure compliance, and keep projects on schedule with single-platform solutions that meet the unique risk and safety challenges of construction businesses. CONSTRUCTION RISK AND SAFETY SOLUTIONS Safer job sites. Smarter operations. Stronger compliance. Streamline safety processes, prevent costly disruptions, and proactively manage construction risk, from subcontractor oversight to OSHA compliance. Download solution sheet Protect your workforce Keep crews safe and reduce injuries with a risk management platform that digitizes reporting, enables mobile audits, identifies hazards and root causes, and empowers safety leaders. Control costs Reduce unnecessary expenses by unifying risk data and automating processes. Gain visibility into trends, identify cost drivers, minimize delays, and improve renewals for more predictable outcomes. Ensure compliance Streamline regulatory compliance with a centralized platform that tracks policies and procedures, automates inspections and audits, and ensures alignment with OSHA, EPA, ISO, and other standards. INTEGRATED RISK MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE FOR CONSTRUCTION One platform for complete risk and safety visibility Connect risk, claims, insurance, and safety data and processes across your entire portfolio of projects with RMIS, EHS, and GRC solutions on a single cloud-based and mobile-accessible platform. Risk Management Information System (RMIS) Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Risk Management Information System (RMIS) Centralize claims, policies, and subcontractor data Reduce exposure, negotiate better premiums, and reduce your cost of risk with proven tools to streamline CCIP and OCIP programs, track certificates of insurance, and seamlessly exchange data with brokers and TPAs. Learn more Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) On-the-go tools for building a proactive safety culture Standardize safety practices and keep crews informed across your job sites with mobile tools for conducting pre-task planning, real-time incident and hazard reporting, performing corrective actions, and more. Learn more Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Strengthen compliance and operational resilience Stay compliant and prepared with a comprehensive solution for tailoring risk assessments by project, evaluating vendor safety and financial stability, and maintaining up-to-date policies and procedures. Learn more Case Studies Explore our clients’ real-world success stories Building Smarter Risk Management: How McCarthy Transformed Compliance and Visibility with Origami Risk McCarthys Building Companies used Origami Risk’s configurable platform to automate and streamline risk management through its Mitigation Action Planning (MAP) program. Read case study Unifying Safety and Risk: How a Leading Door Manufacturer Cut Incidents by 65% with Origami Risk A leading door systems manufacturer unified fragmented safety and risk data using Origami Risk’s platform, improving reporting efficiency and data visibility. Read case study Building Compliance and Confidence: How Choate Construction Centralized Risk Management with Origami Risk Choate Construction centralized risk and compliance with Origami Risk, automating COI tracking and subcontractor prequalification to achieve 100% compliance and faster, more efficient project delivery. Read case study News and insights View more Webinar From Flintstones to Jetsons: Turning Construction Risk Data into Action Blog Risk Management That Keeps up with the Jobsite Case Study Choate Construction View more Connect with us Discover how our platform and solutions can help you achieve your goals. Request a demo Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent