Cloud-Native Risk & Insurance Platform | Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Platform Build resilience from one cloud-native platform Connect your data to actions that maximize resource value, increase efficiency, and ensure security for your risk programs or insurance operations. BENEFITS Adapt, scale, and grow your business with a low-code platform Our low-code, cloud-native platform is built to secure data and scale operations with smarter integration and adaptability across risk management and insurance administration. Get a demo AI enhancements to advance automation and insight Low-code, drag-and-drop workflow builders with AI-powered insight and recommendations. Learn more Modern architecture with stronger security Future-proofed with faster processing and stronger security measures. Smarter integrations with API-driven flexibility Dependable connectivity, data exchanges, and API integration to existing tools. Learn more GUIDE AI is transforming risk and insurance, but are you ready to lead the change? Get the guide CAPABILITIES Designed to scale Improve security, adaptability, and scalability with a single source of truth for data management and work streams. Origami Risk AI Enhance analyses and communications with AI-powered capabilities that drive more informed decision-making. Learn more Admin Portal Manage users, settings, and platform controls from a single admin dashboard. API Access Connect systems seamlessly with REST API and web services for risk and insurance data integration. Learn more Communication Center Centralize email, text, and chat to streamline communications across teams. Document Management Store, manage, and generate documents and PDFs with secure cloud-based tools. Origami Questions Run audits, surveys, and assessments to gather critical risk response data. Origami Search Find key risk and insurance information faster with powerful global and filtered search. Reporting and Analytics Drive smarter decision-making with intuitive dashboards, insights, and pre-built and configurable reports. Learn more Resource Management Track assets, tasks, people, and sites all in one place for smarter risk and insurance operations. Origami Mobile Input data and upload media with an intuitive mobile app designed for collecting accurate info in the field. Learn more Secure Data Sharing Deliver regularly refreshed, structured data securely using industry-standard Databricks Delta Sharing. Case studies Explore our clients’ real-world success stories Serving Safety at Scale: How The Cheesecake Factory® Unified Risk and Safety Programs Across 300+ Locations The Cheesecake Factory® unified its risk and safety programs to tackle large-scale safety challenges across 300+ locations serving 90 million guests annually. Read case study Driving Safety and Savings: How ABM Industries Transformed Risk Management With over 100,000 employees serving approximately 20,000 clients across more than 15 industries, ABM Industries embarked on an ambitious, long-term transformation initiative to unify operations and drive consistent excellence across the organization. Read case study MULTIPLE SOLUTIONS Innovative solutions for risk, safety, and insurance operations Align comprehensive data analysis with intelligent insights that drive better risk management and insurance administration decision-making and results. P&C Insurance Risk Management Information System (RMIS) Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Healthcare P&C Insurance Modernize your operations with flexible, future-ready core technology Transform policy, billing, and claims administration with configurable solutions that improve operational efficiency and customer satisfaction. Learn more Risk Management Information System (RMIS) Leverage comprehensive tools for reducing your total cost of risk Connect risk and insurance data to streamline processes, inform insights, and improve management of incidents, claims, policies, exposures, and more. Learn more Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Power a proactive safety culture Facilitate a culture of safety and compliance by encouraging reporting and improving visibility into your organization’s risks and hazards. Learn More Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Connect organizational risk and compliance data to improve resilience Elevate insight of risk impact to an enterprise-level understanding with comprehensive solutions tailored for organizational resilience and optimal performance. Learn more Healthcare Unify risk, safety, and quality data for better care outcomes Improve patient safety, risk, and quality management with a fully integrated solution that streamlines communication and enhances operational efficiency. Learn more News and insights View more Solution Sheet Internal Audit Blog Why Waiting for Data Is Costing You and What You Can Do About It Press Release Origami Risk Recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Governance, Risk and Compliance Tools, Assurance Leaders View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent