Healthcare Risk Management Software | Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo HEALTHCARE Simplify risk and safety management across the healthcare continuum Improve outcomes with single-platform healthcare solutions that streamline processes and deliver insights to improve patient safety and quality, ensure compliance, and optimize program performance. HEALTHCARE RISK AND SAFETY SOLUTIONS Configurable healthcare risk technology for safer, higher-quality care Empower cross-functional teams to deliver safer care and reduce enterprise risk with integrated solutions that help eliminate silos, improve processes, surface critical insights, reduce adverse event rates, cut claims costs, and simplify survey readiness. Download solution sheet Protect patients and staff Capture and track events and hazards in a centralized system for identifying trends and proactively acting to safeguard patients, employees, and visitors. Streamline processes Optimize efficiency and reduce costs by automating workflows, improving communication, and centralizing data for analysis that drives informed decisions. Ensure compliance Support audit readiness and manage procedures for maintaining compliance with CMS, The Joint Commission, OSHA, HIPAA, and other regulatory requirements. FEATURES Purpose-built healthcare risk management solutions Strengthen risk management, patient safety, and quality programs with a configurable solution that adapts to your organization’s unique needs and delivers proven best practices for meeting healthcare challenges. Patient Safety and Quality Claims Management and Administration Provider Performance Employee Health and Safety Patient Safety and Quality Achieve measurable improvements in care outcomes Foster a culture of safety and enhance patient care quality by streamlining event reporting, event review, and root cause analysis to ensure swift identification, investigation, and resolution. Claims Management and Administration Streamline healthcare claims from FNOL to closure Consolidate your claims data and documentation across all lines of coverage to streamline workflows, simplify financial reporting, identify trends, and reduce litigation costs. Provider Performance Support excellence in clinical practice Respond quickly to performance issues and measure and assess provider performance against organizational and industry standards using secure tools for peer reviews and management of FPPE/OPPE processes. Learn more Employee Health and Safety Protect your healthcare workforce Manage testing and screening, vaccination records, employee certifications, and more with tools that streamline tracking, documentation, and reporting — from pre-hire certification through post-injury surveillance. GUIDE Are outdated, siloed systems holding your organization back? Get the guide INTEGRATED RISK MANAGEMENT FOR HEALTHCARE Total risk and safety visibility Connect risk, claims, insurance, and safety data and processes across your organization with Healthcare, RMIS, EHS, and GRC solutions on one platform. Risk Management Information System (RMIS) Streamline claims and policy management with a comprehensive RMIS that simplifies reporting, reduces administrative burden, and supports efficient insurance renewals. Learn more Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Promote a safer care environment by managing hazards, tracking events, and ensuring compliance with environmental and occupational health standards. Learn more Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Power enterprise risk management, compliance, and vendor risk management programs that minimize risk, improve outcomes, and contribute to operational resilience. Learn more Case studies Explore our clients’ real-world success stories Digitizing Safety: How Spectrum Health Transformed Incident Management with Origami Risk Spectrum Health replaced manual, paper-based processes with Origami Risk’s EHS solution, improving incident visibility, stakeholder communication, and data-driven decision-making to foster a stronger culture of safety across its healthcare system Read case study Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent