Compass Group - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Case Study Compass Group EHS RMIS Download case study (796KB) Share Headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, Compass Group is a family of companies delivering the best in food, hospitality, and support services to a number of diverse industries. Since 2012, Compass Group USA has used an innovative and effective claims assessment program to raise awareness and improve loss prevention results across their portfolio of business. With thousands of active payroll sites spread across the country, Compass leveraged a centralized claims-based program to drive improvement. Compass Group uses the Origami Risk platform to improve risk and safety programs to foster continuous workplace safety culture. Despite the program’s steady record of success in raising safety awareness and reducing claims frequency, Risk Manager Brian Van Allsburg and members of the Compass Group USA leadership team understood that continuous evolution of risk and safety programs is necessary to further improve a workplace safety culture. Change came with the adoption of a proactive, behavioral approach— one designed to focus on leading indicators. “When you operate in a post-loss, claims management model, there is only so much that can be done to manage behavior and costs,” says Van Allsburg. So, while the Compass Group Risk Management team continued to make improvements to the claims assessment program, they also worked with the Safety team to design and implement a sustainable, behavior-based risk and safety management model. PARTNERSHIP WITH ORIGAMI RISK In 2015, the Compass Group Risk Management team entered the marketplace in search of a RMIS platform better suited to manage their enterprise risk needs. The flexibility of the Origami Risk platform, its focus on reporting technology, and the accessibility and ease of use of administrative settings that allow the team to make changes themselves were all key factors in their selection of Origami Risk. Today, Compass Group uses the platform as a primary communication vehicle across the business for risk- and safety-related performance. Compass Group continues to leverage Origami Risk to run its claims penalty assessment program, analytics, and OSHA logs. More importantly, with Origami Risk, Compass Group has found an adaptable and intuitive solution for collecting and reporting on safety behaviors. A PRE-LOSS APPROACH AND ITS CHALLENGES With the underlying goal of adding to the number of injury-free locations, year-after-year, Compass Group’s behavior-based approach uses internal audits to increase safety awareness among unit managers and associates. To obtain an objective measure of each unit’s performance, independent third-party audits that use an identical question set are conducted periodically. Developing a library of audits and finding an effective means of collecting responses—while also simplifying manager workloads—were the first hurdles the group had to clear. Given the broad range of services provided by Compass Group companies, different question sets were created to account for such factors as: The various types of facilities in which Compass Group operates The various industries Compass Group services The technical work performed by the operating company Unique cultures and brands AUDITING SOLUTIONS AND SUCCESSES Origami Risk’s adaptable platform, combined with a collaborative approach to problem-solving, allows Compass Group to tailor the system to meet its nuanced requirements, including: Online auditing functions. With Compass Group companies operating in a broad range of facilities, unit managers can perform audits using an online portal or (for facilities with no internet connection) the Origami Mobile Form app. Ease of use. An intuitive format makes it easy for unit managers to respond to audit questions. Tool-tips for each help answer any questions that may arise when performing an audit. Custom audit libraries. With a family of companies, Compass Group wanted to develop targeted content tailored to the business needs. Company-specific branding. To present each Compass Group company with a product that appears customized to their business, logos for each company are embedded in the mobile audit forms In April 2017, internal audit collection using the platform was rolled out as part of a pilot program across four Compass Group sectors. During the month, more than 1,200 audits were entered via an online portal and mobile app. Initial feedback from the field was positive. Users responded enthusiastically to having multiple options—online and mobile app—for providing responses. Unit managers also appreciated the fact that they could instantly view their internal audit scores. (Upon completion and submission of an audit, a PDF file is emailed to them with their audit results and actionable measures.) With the success of the pilot program, Compass Group launched its behavioral safety audits company-wide. Thousands of audits have been completed to date, enabling far greater insight into the safety behaviors at each location and improving communication and transparency across the business. CONTINUAL IMPROVEMENT After examining the initial audit results, Compass Group worked with Origami Risk’s development team to enhance the Risk Assessment Scoring model for audits. With input and testing by Compass Group users, the audit solution now allows for the weighting of individual questions based on their criticality. This enables audits to drive safe workplace behavior more effectively by targeting specific safety issues encountered at one or more locations. Additional development has occurred with the creation of “mini” or sub-category audits. Compass Group realizes an effective safety culture requires active participation by all associates, and a full safety audit may not necessarily be realistic given time constraints in the business. The purpose, says Van Allsburg, is to develop a culture of safety that is not simply enforced from the top down or that is merely the responsibility of unit managers. “To really continue to develop a safety culture that everyone buys into, we want any associate to be able to take their phone and answer five or six questions, instead of 50,” says Van Allsburg. “That way anybody, at any time, can do an audit.” By fostering a greater sense of ownership among Compass Group associates, the team hopes to improve the focus on safety. “Safety is something we want our unit managers and associates to always be thinking about, regardless of whether they’re working at a location that has a history of generating claims or not. We’ve provided them with tools that will give them greater ownership of the procedures that drive safe workplace behavior.” Related articles View more Case Study Pima County Case Study Wichita Public Schools Case Study Choate Construction View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent