Fenix Marine Services - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Case Study Fenix Marine Services EHS Transportation Download case study (701KB) Share Never Compromising on Safety: Technology solutions help to engage employees and improve outcomes at Fenix Marine Services About Fenix Marine Services Fenix Marine Services operates one of the largest import/ export container terminals in the Port of Los Angeles, the busiest seaport in the Western Hemisphere. Located on the port’s Terminal Island, the 300-acre Fenix terminal has 4 1,000-foot cargo ship berths, 16 container cranes, 49 tophandlers, 200 yard tractors, 23 truck lanes, and 8 rail tracks serviced by the BNSF and Union Pacific railroads. The Fenix team carries out over one million lifts — approximately 2 million TEUs (twenty-foot equivalent units) — each year. Challenges In 2018, Jeff Brown, a Senior Manager of HSSE at Fenix, initiated a process for selecting EHS software to replace multiple, disparate technologies used to capture and track data from incident investigations, safety and environmental inspections, and safety audits. An email-based process for collecting incident investigation details and photos that was inefficient for Fenix managers was also cumbersome for the safety team, which had to spend time copying and pasting in order to analyze the data. Likewise, paper forms used by Fenix managers to capture safety and environmental inspection information also required the safety team to convert data from completed documents for use in reporting and analysis. Fenix leadership was also looking to more fully engage the Fenix workforce with the company’s safety practices and protocols. Part of this process would be equipping managers with tools for performing safety audits designed to enforce safe workplace behaviors, help to foster hazard recognition, and speed response time in acting to correct identified issues. Given the size of the terminal and because workers’ jobs require them to perform duties at throughout the terminal during the course of a shift, this meant a technology platform that included intuitive mobile functionality. To find the right solution and foster buy-in throughout the organization, Brown assembled a team that included senior managers, first-level managers, and others who could also help to evaluate the functionality and ease of use of potential EHS solutions that Fenix could use to improve safety performance. Solutions After speaking with peer members of the National Maritime Safety Association (NMSA) to get their input on software systems, viewing multiple demonstrations from different vendors, and testing out functionality in “sandbox” environments, Fenix Marine Services selected Origami Risk as the technology solution for capturing incident and investigation details, performing safety audits, analyzing and reporting on data, and more. Along with the Origami Risk platform’s features, configurability, and ease of use, Origami’s track record of success in working with other companies in the marine cargo handling industry came into play when making the decision. “The fact that Origami had experience in our industry was really helpful,” says Brown. “It gave me a sense that it wouldn’t be such a heavy lift to apply that technology to our business.” Mobile App: Fenix managers are now able to use the Origami Risk Mobile Forms app to capture data (and attach photographs, videos, or other supplemental documentation) from any location within the 300- acre terminal. Incident investigation, inspection, and safety audit data entered using the app is encrypted in a user’s phone or tablet, where it’s securely stored until an internet connection is available and data is submitted. Incident Investigations & Inspections: Using mobile forms configured in Origami Risk’s integrated system administration module, Fenix set up intake screens for their incident investigations and safety inspections. Accessible to Fenix’s 60+ managers via the mobile app, these forms guide the entry of information through the use of required fields, drop- down code lists, and prompts for confirmation that simplify entry and improve data quality. Safety Audits : Fenix managers are now using audit collection functionality tailored to meet the requirements of the Fenix safety team. In addition to defining data quality controls configured in the platform’s integrated system administration module, Fenix is using customized tooltips that provide clear direction to managers as they complete safety audits using the mobile app. Dashboards & Analytics: With data from incidents, incident investigations, inspections, and safety audits in a single system, the Fenix safety team is able to put that data to work by using Origami Risk’s integrated dashboards and analytics to pinpoint hazard and incident “hot spots” throughout the terminal, identify trends, target preventative strategies, track engagement, and more. Automated Workflows: Origami Risk’s automated workflow tools are being used by Fenix to improve communication while also reducing administrative overhead and fostering accountability. For example, Fenix has set up alerts that notify members of management when an incident occurs. And in the event that Fenix must file an employer complaint to the Pacific Maritime Association (PMA), an automated email is sent to designated recipients at PMA and the complaint is attached to the related incident record in the system. Results Time Savings & Responsiveness In addition to increased engagement fostered by equipping managers with tools for performing incident investigations, inspections, and safety audits, the Fenix safety team is using Origami Risk to reduce the number of time-consuming and repetitive tasks for which they are responsible. Automation of the process for filing employer complaints to the PMA is one example of how Fenix is applying technology to eliminate what previously required multiple, manual steps. This means less work for the safety team and means that PMA has the relevant information they require much sooner. Brown and team have also streamlined reporting of information in Fenix’s incident reports that correlate to a Department of Labor reporting form. “The process used to involve taking the incident report, copying details, and sending to the adjuster who would then send it on to the government,” says Brown. “Now, we do the incident report, the data that needs to be on the form is automatically entered and submitted through the upload of the incident which goes to workers comp adjusters and generates the form that gets submitted to the government.” Because Origami Risk’s integrated system administration module allows designed client users with the appropriate security permissions to make changes in the system, the Fenix safety team is also able to respond more quickly to requests from senior management and front-line managers. For example, at the outset of the COVID pandemic the team was able to set up and disseminate mask audits that ensured compliance with California mandates. Better Visibility Into Safety Activities According to Brown, the combination of improvements in the quality of data related to incidents, incident investigations, inspections, and safety audits and the platform’s integrated dashboards and analytics tools is, along with the Mobile app, functionality that stood out during software selection process and that continues to deliver. “With Origami Risk, our data came to life,” says Brown. “We’re able to see, interpret and analyze, and act upon safety concerns like never before.” In addition to the configurable dashboard widgets that the safety team uses to track the locations of reported incidents and hazards, display incidents based on severity scores, safety audits by department, and more, the safety team has also been able to tailor dashboards for specific users, including department heads. This allows them to track levels of engagement and view real-time safety information. Increased Engagement, Improved Outcomes For the Fenix management team, a driving force behind the need for an integrated technology solution for capturing and tracking data from incident investigations, safety and environmental inspections, and safety audits was the goal of improving engagement with established safety procedures and protocols. “Prior to the move to Origami Risk, managers had to take notes or remember what they’d seen then sit down at the computer to enter details,” says Brown. Equipped with the Origami Risk Mobile Forms app, Fenix managers are now able to quickly capture details on the go as they perform incident investigations, safety and environmental inspections, and safety audits throughout the terminal. To further improve levels of engagement, Fenix has also incorporated Origami Risk into the process of training front- line managers. More than an introduction to the technology solution they will be using, this provides a “hands-on” best practice learning experience. One of the measurements of engagement is the number of safety audits that the 60+ Fenix managers perform. According to Brown, managers are currently completing between 200-400 audits each week. During a single week in February 2022, managers submitted a record 560 audits. As noted below, the volume of safety audits completed has a demonstrable impact on workplace safety. According to Brown, there is a direct correlation between safety audit volume, safety compliance rates, the total number of incidents, and the impact on worker safety and productivity. “On any given week, if there are 400 audits done, we see anywhere from 94% to 98% compliance,” he says. “Our lost time incident rate went down when we started doing more audits.” Conclusion As the company’s mission statement makes clear, Fenix Marine Services values the safety of the company’s workforce, community, and environment: Our Mission is to rapidly deploy value creation strategies that drive growth, while never compromising on safety. We will transcend conventional global port and logistics industry thinking to deliver best-in-market value to our customers and investors, while protecting our community, environment, and workers. Today, with effective tools that ensure managers are always thinking about safety and the safety team is able to focus on analysis that is resulting in further improvements, the 1,000+ people who work throughout the terminal every day find themselves in an environment that is safer than ever before. Related articles View more Case Study Pima County Case Study Wichita Public Schools Case Study Choate Construction View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent