Top 5 OSHA Violations in Manufacturing  - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Blog Top 5 OSHA Violations in Manufacturing July 23, 2025 EHS Manufacturing Mobile Platform Reporting and Analytics Share We examine the top Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) violations in the manufacturing sector for 2024 and how investing in the right technology can help your organization prevent future violations. If you’re like most risk and safety professionals, you keep an eye out for the annual release of the list of the top OSHA violations . You’re probably also subscribed to the OSHA newsletter to receive notifications of major fines and citations. The information can help ensure your organization has the right controls in place — not only to prevent fines and citations, but to protect worker productivity and well-being. Because types of incidents and injuries vary depending on the type of organizations and processes in place, it is also helpful to dig into OSHA violations by sector. While it’s possible to view data from your industry at a granular level based on NAICS code , this blog focuses on the manufacturing sector overall. Top Manufacturing OSHA Violations in 2024 From October 2023 to September 2024, there were more than 16,000 OSHA violations in the manufacturing sector, resulting in penalties exceeding $70 million. The most frequently cited violations were: Control of hazardous energies (lockout/tagout) Respiratory Protection Hazard communication Powered industrial trucks (forklifts) General requirements for all machines (machine guarding) These five categories alone accounted for 42% of total citation counts and 45% of total penalties in the manufacturing sector. Our Take Lockout/Tagout: Manufacturing plants rely on large machinery powered by electrical, mechanical, chemical, and other energy sources. Without proper training and energy control procedures, serious injuries — with an average of 24 work days lost per injured worker — or death can occur. Lockout/tagout functionality in the Process Safety Management module of our EHS solution can help instill proper training and controls to avoid worker exposure to hazardous energies. Respiratory Protection : Exposure to harmful dusts, chemical vapors, and toxic fumes continues to drive OSHA citations in manufacturing. Compliance with respiratory protection standards requires more than just issuing respirators and other forms of personal protective equipment (PPE) — it involves medical evaluations, fit testing, and ongoing program oversight. Our purpose-built medical surveillance solution helps organizations track fit testing, manage medical clearances, and maintain up-to-date records. With automated reminders and centralized documentation, safety teams can ensure workers are properly protected and programs remain compliant. Hazard Communication : Chemical management is complex. Relying on outdated systems, spreadsheets, and paper forms for auditing and reporting chemical hazards can be time consuming and lead to mistakes. Safety data sheets (SDSs) and chemical requests — like the rest of your EHS program — can be digitized to make sure all hazards are accounted for while also cutting down on administrative workload. Digitizing your chemical management program means all of your SDSs are in a single, searchable database. General Requirements for All Machines : A common cause of injury on the production line is the absence or failure of machine guards, often resulting in hand and finger injuries. To address this, organizations can implement digital Job Safety Analyses (JSAs) and asset-specific audits. For example, attaching QR codes to individual machines allows workers to quickly access and complete relevant safety checklists via mobile devices. This not only ensures compliance but also reinforces safe operating procedures in real time. Powered Industrial Trucks (Forklifts): Audit and inspection technology can help educate workers and reduce incidents involving forklifts. The challenge is ensuring audits are consistently performed. When paired with a strong safety culture and relevant training, mobile-friendly and intuitive software can drive implementation and improve safety outcomes. Audits, inspections, and behavior-based safety observations can be conducted via web, mobile, and tablet accessible by any employee or contractor, no matter where they’re working. Investing in technology to build a strong safety culture Building a strong safety culture is about far more than avoiding OSHA violations — it’s making sure your employees go home safe. That’s why investing in the right technology to support hazard identification, risk mitigation, and proactive incident prevention is essential. To learn about how Origami Risk can help your organization protect workers and prevent OSHA violations, explore additional EHS insights or talk to an Origami Risk team member . Related articles View more Blog Why Waiting for Data Is Costing You and What You Can Do About It Blog Integrating GRC and EHS: A Holistic Approach to Risk Management Blog Risk Management That Keeps up with the Jobsite View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent