Washington Schools Risk Management Pool (WSRMP) - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Case Study Washington Schools Risk Management Pool (WSRMP) Download case study (70KB) Share Comprehensive pool management at-a-glance information system helps Washington Schools Risk Management Pool tackle inefficiencies and inaccurate data, improve member services. Washington Schools Risk Management Pool’s (WSRMP) existing platform was antiquated, resulting in critical data inaccuracies and excessive burdens on staff time. The pool was unable to easily onboard new members, or modify the system to accommodate changing member requirements. Established in 1986, the Washington Schools Risk Management Pool (WSRMP) provides a wide range of commercial insurance coverages, risk management, and loss prevention, along with claims and litigation management services, for 92 member school districts throughout Washington State. As its membership has grown steadily over the years, the pool has also expanded the lines of commercial property/casualty coverage it offers while enhancing its risk management/loss prevention and claims management services for members. However, WSRMP’s risk information management system–which underpins its ability to effectively track claims, underwrite risks, allocate premium, and deliver other critical services for members—needed an update. Most significantly, the pool’s legacy system for information management was unscalable due to inefficient internal processes and insufficient/inaccurate data. A lack of scalability required the risk management team to spend inordinate amounts of time identifying and correcting errors rather than providing additional services to members. Multiple issues to address In 2016, the need for a top-flight solution led WSRMP’s leadership team to select Origami Risk’s comprehensive pool management information system (PMIS). Origami’s cloud-based technology has built-in functionality, along with numerous versatile and customizable features, that help pools readily manage underwriting practices for multiple coverage lines. Origami also provides specific tools and resources for managing members’ risk, insurance, and claims. Deborah Callahan, Executive Director of WSRMP, said the system’s appeal stemmed from its ability to solve inefficiencies, data errors, and overburdened staff. She said the goal behind implementing the technology was to improve internal operations and increase member satisfaction at the same time. Specifically, WSMRP sought out Origami Risk to address several challenges: Time- and paper-intensive values collection procedures at renewal time Manual and paper-driven incident data collection processes that hampered incident intake and reporting compliance A non-intuitive process for generating reports—making the pool dependent on its former software vendors to create desired reports Mathematically incorrect recoveries, causing the staff to identify and correct wrong recovery amounts Manual and paper-driven claims payment processes that inefficiently used resources and staff members’ time According to Callahan, these problems not only had internal implications, but they also affected members—a real problem considering WSRMP’s goal to better serve and retain membership. For instance, slow and inaccurate policy renewals were common, as were mathematically incorrect recoveries on claims settlements—which, if not corrected, could adversely affect members. In addition, broken incident data collection and reporting processes led to a proliferation of insufficient and untimely information. Besides having a direct effect on claims management , the lack of complete and consistent reporting data hampered WSRMP’s ability to assist members with safety and preventive risk management— critical services that members value. And because Callahan wanted her team to focus more time on providing loss prevention and claims management services to members, rather than on correcting mistakes or executing clerical activities, she looked to Origami Risk for help. Help Arrives Origami Risk “has been a breath of fresh air,” Callahan said. “We’ve been able to do so much more with the system than we even anticipated, and we’re really starting to see results.” Speeding values collection WSRMP’s annual values collection process historically required more than two months to complete. With Origami, the pool was able to collect all values from all 92 members participating in its property program in less than two weeks with its initial use of Origami Risk for the process. Accurate recovery calculations Additionally, Callahan said she is confident that recovery amounts are accurately calculated. She said all the other software she has used either couldn’t calculate recoveries at all, or some unidentifiable glitch would occur and apply incorrect recovery amounts to claims. “We were able to bring both our past experiences and expertise to the table to really define what goes into calculating recoveries and the multitude of factors that can affect such calculations,” Callahan said. “That level of service really made a difference.” And while individualized service helped WSRMP overcome inaccurate recovery calculations, self-service has made all the difference when it comes to the pool’s reporting efforts. Callahan said reports are easy to set up, read, and export into spreadsheets. She said it’s also easy to “slice and dice” the data to get the specific information her risk management and underwriting teams require—or that other departments, the board, or members need—for a variety of purposes. “One of the things I like best,” Callahan said, “is the ability to do most of the changes and quick fixes ourselves instead of waiting for other companies to ‘get around to it.’” Robust reporting, data collection elevate risk management services That new level of reporting, alongside automated incident data collection and claims payment, have allowed for what is likely the most important evolution at WSRMP since implementing Origami Risk—the ability to really identify trends and help members engage in preventive risk management. Online reporting portal yields multiple benefits Now that individual school staff members can report incident s or circumstances that might lead to claims through Origami’s online risk management portal , incidents are less likely to get lost in a sea of paperwork and are easier to track. This helps to highlight trends so the pool and members can intervene faster. Further, automating processes (such as turning an incident or circumstance into a claim, or even paying claims) not only speeds up claims settlements, but also frees up staff time to do the more high-value work associated with risk mitigation. “We exist to serve our members,” Callahan said. “So, when it comes to investing in tools or services that impact how we do our work, we want to make sure they positively impact our membership, too. Origami Risk met that criteria.” Data-driven member report cards WSRMP has been able to leverage tools available through Origami to establish data-driven report cards to help each school district better understand its risks and claims performance. The report cards help members pinpoint areas to target to manage risk more effectively— and, as a result, reduce their premium prices based on improvements to their scores. In addition, WSRMP is now creating training and risk assessment surveys based on its analyses of the most frequent or severe claims. “We place a strong emphasis on collaborating with our members to improve safety and reduce potential liabilities,” Callahan said. “We strive to provide our membership with the most up-to-date information, training, and other resources to help them navigate the ever-changing environment of public schools. Origami Risk has given us the tools to make executing on that vision much easier.” Streamlining workflow while maintaining security Another function where Origami is helping drive efficiencies involves setting loss reserves and making claim payments. Historically, WSRMP used a paper-trail process to facilitate the separation of duties on payment processing. First, adjusters submitted a paper request form. A different employee then received the request and entered the data. To complete the process, a third individual issued the checks. Using Origami, WSRMP is testing a fully automated solution that helps eliminate the paper trail while maintaining documentation and approval requirements, as well as the industry best practice of separating duties for processing payments and checks. Building on success Today, WSRMP’s risk management team continues to collaborate with Origami Risk on new solutions that will further enhance the pool’s capabilities and resources for members. As WSRMP focuses on continuous improvement, Origami is with it every step of the way. Related articles View more Case Study Pima County Case Study Wichita Public Schools Case Study Choate Construction View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent