DHL - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Case Study DHL RMIS Transportation Download case study (155KB) Share Using the Origami Risk RMIS, DHL has been able to accelerate the processing and resolution of individual claims, understand and analyze loss trends, identify best practices and share information to promote safety, allocate costs to specific cost centers, manage documentation, contracts and insurance policies more effectively. DHL used Origami Risk cloud risk management information systems (RMIS) to accelerate the processing and resolution of individual claims, identify loss trends, promote safety, and manage documentation, contracts and insurance policies more. DHL, the world’s leading postal and logistics company, is present in over 220 countries and territories and has approximately 500,000 employees worldwide. Throughout the UK and Ireland, DHL has around 600 locations, more than 51,000 customers, and approximately 60,000 employees. Its ground fleet in the UK and Ireland, including more than 22,000 vehicles, ships more than 6,000 tons of freight daily. Worldwide, DHL drives for excellence in all areas of its business and throughout its operations. DHL’s “Strategy 2020.Focus.Connect.Grow” includes connecting across the organization as one global team. This collaborative focus is reflected in the company’s approach to risk management. Accordingly, in the UK and Ireland, DHL sought an efficient way to centralize its loss data and risk information. Historically, while DHL maintained the vast volume of loss and claims data on a legacy system, its growing focus on safety, risk management, and collaboration called for a provider that could not only deliver more robust data capture, sharing, and analytical capabilities but had the advocacy and support of these concepts ingrained into its DNA. New cloud-based risk management information systems (RMIS), such as the software as a service (SaaS) provided by industry leader Origami Risk, proved to be a game-changer, offering a way for DHL to gain control of its loss information and promote a culture of safety throughout its extensive UK and Ireland operations. Origami’s RMIS, Claims Management System, and Policy Management System offer speed, flexibility, automation, data import, and export tools, claims management tools, analysis, and reporting tools. At the start of 2015, DHL began implementing Origami Risk’s RMIS throughout its self-administered cargo claims operations in the UK and Ireland. As part of the first phase of its implementation, the Origami Risk RMIS is being used within both DHL’s cargo and casualty claim operations throughout the UK and Ireland. DHL now uses the RMIS in the following ways: Capture a wider array of claims and loss-related data to facilitate more robust analytics Collect and consolidate all data analytics for its cargo and casualty claims in the UK and Ireland on one system Maintain all insurance policy and coverage information for its UK and Ireland employer’s liability, general liability, cargo, and motor insurance Retain and manage all documentation with respect to claims being handled in the RMIS Provide live, real-time access into DHL’s exposure data to the company’s third-party administrators (TPA) to facilitate more effective claims management Provide instant access by risk management, facility, and operations leaders to loss data and claim trends by location, operation, division, job function, and workgroup for review and analysis Facilitate timely reporting of accidents (within 60 minutes, the “golden hour,” of occurrence) and other individual claims to reduce costs, obtain a faster resolution, and facilitate better outcomes Conduct loss trend comparisons across similar operations throughout the UK and Ireland to identify best practices and target locations and areas for improvement Take advantage of real-time user-friendly dashboards and interfaces to enable individual leaders from varied disciplines and locations across the UK and Ireland – including risk management, finance, facility managers, and safety – to access and share accurate loss information, identify loss trends and collaborate on safety, risk control, and related initiatives to generate measurable improvements Allocate loss costs to individual cost centers to provide incentives to reduce accidents, and drive safety and loss prevention Design, refinement, and implementation support Origami Risk’s agile approach to the implementation created an environment in which everyone operated as a single unit, sharing ideas to improve results and outcomes. Origami Risk’s business model of providing highly experienced risk professionals paired well with DHL’s risk management needs. Origami’s team was able to quickly get up to speed with DHL’s highly organized criteria and deliverables, and immediately begin delivering iterative solutions whereby they configured the application while DHL was using the system. The immediate feedback loop provided the ability to quickly implement, all the while giving DHL’s risk management professionals “on-the-job training” in using and configuring Origami – all before the system was in production. Results to date Using the Origami Risk RMIS, DHL has been able to accelerate the processing and resolution of individual claims, understand and analyze loss trends, identify best practices and share information to promote safety, allocate costs to specific cost centers, manage documentation, contracts and insurance policies more effectively. Overall, the company has been able to leverage the technology to drive efficiencies throughout its cargo claims, improve safety and performance. At the same time, DHL has been able to improve the experience of its claimants in dealing with the firm. Pilot program A new area for innovation involves a pilot accident reporting program with Origami Risk. Given its fleet of more than 22,000 vehicles throughout the UK, reporting and documenting accidents and vehicular damage for claims purposes can pose a challenge. To address this challenge, DHL has installed dashboard cameras (dashcams) in many of its vehicles to provide timely information from accidents. Because of the variety of different camera technology being used in DHL, file sizes, formats and delivery varies widely. As a cloud-based solution, Origami has provided the ability for DHL drivers to upload accident footage from an accident or vehicle damage on a timely basis. The capability enables accident-related video to be uploaded into the Origami system by DHL sites, and seamlessly made available to internal and external claims handlers instantly. Significantly, the system tracks which vehicles have cameras fitted, and automatically monitors for outstanding footage. It sends reminders and escalations if video files are not supplied quickly. This solution has been in place for nearly a year and its success is leading to its expansion. Building on success DHL and Origami Risk are continuing to expand the implementation of the RMIS to additional areas where the ability to capture and analyze large volumes of data will enable DHL to drive further improvements in safety and loss control, performance, and risk management across its operations throughout the UK and Ireland. In addition, DHL has begun to implement Origami Risk in DHL operations in Eastern Europe. In launching Origami in Slovakia, DHL found that despite language and differing country-specific requirements, the template it established in the UK and Ireland was readily adaptable in Eastern Europe. As a result, DHL was able to fast-track the implementation in Slovakia with little direct involvement of the Origami team. It is now moving on to other countries in Eastern Europe where the risk management team also anticipates ease of implementation and significant improvements in its claims management, safety and loss control processes, and overall performance. Award-Winning Partnership Origami Risk and DHL Win CIR Magazine 2016 Risk Management Award LONDON, 11 November 2016 – Origami Risk, the award-winning risk management Software as a Service (SaaS) and DHL, the world’s leading global delivery and logistics company, have been recognized by CIR (Continuity, Insurance & Risk) Magazine as winners of the publication’s 2016 Risk Management Award for “best implementation.” Now into their 7th year, the Risk Management Awards recognize those individuals, organizations, and teams that have significantly added to the understanding and practice of risk management. Judged by an independent panel of experts for exceptional performance, the awards provide an opportunity for organizations and individuals to showcase their best products, projects, and people. According to CIR Magazine, the award for best implementation “is presented to the company that has most successfully implemented a piece of risk management software and are able to demonstrate a measurable return on investment, as evidenced by key milestones and evidence of targets achieved.” “We are honored to achieve this recognition together with DHL, which reflects the highly effective team approach deeply ingrained in the cultures of both organizations,” said Robert Petrie, CEO, Origami Risk. “What distinguishes Origami Risk most from other firms in our industry is our ability to deliver superior client service, fueled by a steady stream of innovation and thought leadership. In this case, the DHL risk management team’s strong safety culture and keen understanding of its information management needs enabled us to work together to fast-track implementation and quickly seize opportunities to build on the success we achieved.” “We are proud of this achievement and thankful to CIR Magazine and the judges for this recognition,” said Julian Thomas, Regional Head of Process & Systems – UKI, EE & EMA, DHL Insurance & Risk Management. “Our effective collaboration with Origami Risk is bringing numerous benefits to our risk management initiatives and shows the impressive gains that can be made when two firms work together seamlessly and share an identical mindset about technology, service, and performance.” Related articles View more Case Study Pima County Case Study Wichita Public Schools Case Study Choate Construction View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent