Overcoming 4 Challenges to Risk & Safety Mobile Technology Adoption - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Blog Overcoming 4 Challenges to Risk & Safety Mobile Technology Adoption March 25, 2024 EHS RMIS Mobile Share Mobile technology is not a “silver bullet” for risk and safety data collection issues. Organizations often encounter hurdles on their path to implementing mobile technology. These challenges are common and there are proven approaches for overcoming them. The right mobile app can make a significant difference in the safety and well-being of organizations’ employees and customers. When done right, mobile technology is user-friendly, accessible, and provides real-time data that risk and safety teams can act on swiftly to elicit safer outcomes . These mobile solutions can also promote employee engagement and improve efficiency company-wide. Not all mobile technology is created equal, though; it’s important to be on the lookout for essential features like the ability to add photos and videos, voice-to-text, anonymous reporting, and configurable forms. A robust feature set will enable your mobile platform to perform optimally across your organization’s spectrum of needs. Mobile technology is not a “silver bullet” for the data collection issues organizations face. It must be utilized properly to ensure desired results. Many organizations encounter hurdles on their path to implementing mobile technology, but these challenges are common and there are proven approaches to overcome them. Overcoming Common Obstacles to Mobile Tech Adoption It’s natural for the rollout of a new tool to be met with obstacles. The good news is they can, in most cases, be proactively addressed. Here are the top common challenges to risk and safety mobile tech adoption and how to move past them: Negative User Perception Challenge : People are inherently resistant to change, especially if the change feels cumbersome or difficult to adopt. If workers have difficulty using your mobile technology because it is too complicated, it won’t be used consistently and will have low perceived value as a result. Try this : Make sure the app you’ve selected has a user-centered design that is simple, intuitive, and doesn’t require much training. Key components of this design favor checkboxes and dropdown menus over open entry fields to limit the amount of information users must type. IT Department Objections & Limitations Challenge : The IT department is critical in troubleshooting user technical issues for a widely used mobile app; however, IT teams may feel unprepared to address user errors and bugs and may not have the resources to effectively manage routine app updates across hundreds or thousands of devices. Try this : Involve your IT department in mobile tech selection so they feel invested in the process and have a sense of commitment to the product. Ask them if they have a mobile device management (MDM) program to push the app to end users to improve adoption.  Evaluate potential vendors’ customer service to identify a partner that will support your team through issues, and opt for a system that operates on a single platform and version for all users for ease in addressing technical concerns. Inclusivity & User Comprehension Challenge : Non-native English speakers or people with disabilities may encounter additional hurdles to using the mobile app. Try this : Gain a clear understanding of any communication or utilization barriers due to disability, cultural background, and language fluency that exist in your organization’s workforce. Seek out a mobile solution that allows for forms to be configured in multiple languages. Also essential is a mobile app that has additional features like voice-to-text to accommodate those who cannot type entries. The Hardware Investment Challenge : Your organization wants to introduce an EHS mobile solution, but the front-end financial investment required to purchase devices for all employees isn’t feasible. Try this : Instead of supplying devices for your entire workforce, consider providing them only for line and safety managers. Or opt for a kiosk-style implementation (that makes use of a tablet) that gives all employees access to the application in designated areas. You may also allow employees to download the app on their personal devices, but know that this option requires robust app security measures to be in place. Checklist: Cultivate User Enthusiasm Follow this list of best practices to move employees beyond adoption to feeling enthusiastic about how the mobile app will positively impact their jobs, reduce risk, and improve workplace safety: Involve end users in design, testing and rollout . Assemble a small team that’s representative of roles across all levels of the organization in a test-run. Encourage them to highlight practical issues with the app’s use on the job and to give suggestions for improvement. When you’re ready to roll out the app, consider a “soft” or pilot launch that starts with a limited number of locations or departments. This will further help to identify oversights and problem areas that can be corrected before the entire workforce is on the app. Train users well and make it fun ! Educating employees on the significant impact that reporting can have on everyone’s health and safety is pivotal. Beyond that, dedicate adequate time and resources to training to make sure employees across the tech-savvy spectrum feel comfortable using the app. Even if you know the app is user-friendly, don’t assume it will be easy for everyone to pick up right away. Offer attractive incentives such as awards and prizes to individuals or departments with the most reports logged on the app. Maintain a feedback loop . Proving to employees that their mobile technology usage matters will support successful adoption and long-term engagement with the app. If employees don’t see any tangible outcomes of their in-app reporting, they’ll be less motivated to do it. Implement procedures that standardize post-report communication about actions that have been taken in response to feedback. Regularly share the positive outcomes of app use such as reduced volume or severity of incidents with the entire organization to promote ongoing usage and foster a stronger safety culture. The benefits of adopting mobile technology are far-reaching and worth the time and effort it may take to overcome challenges as you get started. From better, faster data insights to reduced claims costs to safer and healthier employees, there is great value in navigating any obstacles on your path to the right mobile solution for your organization. To learn more about what to look for in a risk and safety mobile app for your organization visit Origami Mobile or Contact Us for additional information. Related articles View more Blog Why Waiting for Data Is Costing You and What You Can Do About It Blog Integrating GRC and EHS: A Holistic Approach to Risk Management Blog Risk Management That Keeps up with the Jobsite View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent