Webinar Recap: The True Impact of Digital in EHS - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Blog Webinar Recap: The True Impact of Digital in EHS February 23, 2021 EHS Share In a recap of our “How to Build an Engaging Safety Culture with EHS Technologies” webinar, we look at some high-level takeaways, including digital transformation, examples of EHS technologies, how digital transformation can impact an organization, and more. With an increased focus on EHS solutions, there is a key role for EHS technology in driving the development of a safety culture. In the recent webinar with independent research firm, Verdantix and Origami Risk, they dove deeper into the role of digitization as well as investment and adoption trends. The webinar was co-presented by Sean Salvas, Sr. Market Strategy Lead – EHS at Origami and Yaowen Ma, Principal Analyst of Verdantix. What is Digital Transformation? Sean kicked off the presentation defining digital transformation as “Adoption of digital technology to transform services or businesses, through replacing non-digital or manual processes with digital processes.” Organizations may choose to digitize for a variety of reasons, including: Better management of data Ensuring regulatory compliance Breaking away from paper and spreadsheets Better understanding risks Better trending and reporting Types of Digital Transformation Next, the presentation dove into the types of digital transformation that may occur: Process Transformation , for example, automating back-office processes to lower costs Business Model Transformation, for example, using data and analytics to redefine the car insurance business model with pay-per-mile Domain Transformation, unlocking new revenue opportunities to enter new markets and functions with technologies like Internet of Things (IoT), cloud computing, and machine learning Safety/Culture Transformation , for example, leveraging technology to encourage employees to move to agile workflows, innovation, decentralized decision making, or a more proactive safety culture Examples of EHS Technologies A whole slew of technologies can be leveraged to support digital transformation. Those especially applicable to safety leaders include: Enterprise wide views and management system frameworks Communication tools Virtual assessment tools Advanced reporting and predictive/prescriptive analytics Intuitive and easy to use mobile apps Industrial wearables and connected worker solutions EHS Digital Investment and Adoption Trends Yaowen next highlighted industry data on digital adoption trends, with the vast majority of EHS safety leaders surveyed either actively implementing a digitization strategy or developing a digitization strategy. Source: Verdantix, Global Corporate Survey 2020: EHS Budgets, Priorities & Tech Preferences, November 2020 He went on to highlight that not only are EHS investments growing at 10% annually across the world ( Verdantix, Market Size And Forecast: EHS Software 2020-2025 (Global), March 2020 ), but that the key investments for EHS software are in: Incident management Safety Hazards & Risk Mitigation Occupational Health, Mental Health, and Wellbeing monitoring Furthermore, Yaowen emphasized the trend toward mobile adoption, with nearly half of safety leaders indicating that they plan to increase spend on mobile technology. How Can Digital Transformation Impact Your Organization? Digital transformation can help organizations drive performance in a variety of ways: Move from ad hoc, disparate systems ( manual processes such as spreadsheets and paper ) to manage safety data and programs with little process to optimized processes to break down silos and consolidate data . Support organizational improvements, such as proactive risk control, workflow automation and standardization, consistent recordkeeping and auditability of data, increased ease of data capture, better investigations, and performance analysis and benchmarking to KPIs Drive business outcomes, including time savings, improved accuracy and data quality, proactive safety culture, avoidance of fines and lower insurance premiums, and higher asset uptime Move forward in their culture of safety as illustrated in the chart below Additional examples of the impact of digital EHS technology include: Increased brand reputation Focus on proactive and predictive (leading indicators) instead of reactive (lagging indicators) Better transparency, visibility, and accountability Integrated systems How Origami Can Help Origami’s EHS Suite can help you move along in your digital transformation journey and advance your safety culture with pre-configured: Audit, inspection , and behavior-based safety (BBS) observation checklists based on industry best practices and OSHA standards Incident management and investigations , including root cause analysis (RCA) Dashboards and Reporting Job Safety Analysis (JSA) Safety Meetings Related articles View more Blog Why Waiting for Data Is Costing You and What You Can Do About It Blog Integrating GRC and EHS: A Holistic Approach to Risk Management Blog Risk Management That Keeps up with the Jobsite View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent