State of Delaware - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Case Study State of Delaware RMIS Government Share Origami Risk greatly increased the State of Delaware’s claim team’s efficiency with standard and non-standard claims In 2014 the risk management team at the State of Delaware decided the time had finally come to move on from their legacy RMIS platform. Overly complex and inflexible, the platform required numerous repetitive steps to enter incidents, claims, and other data and had become an impediment to effectively performing their jobs. After conducting a competitive RFP Delaware selected Origami Risk and began the process of conversion. While they identified Origami’s intuitive interface and workflow flexibility of the system as genuine differentiators, the real surprise came during implementation when they realized how much more efficiently Origami would allow them to conduct their daily activities. Specifically: 1. Streamlining data entry: When capturing a complex event, such as an accident where multiple people and multiple vehicles are involved, the State Insurance Coverage Office needs to record an individual incident for each person or vehicle involved. Despite the fact, there was common information between the incidents (date, time, event description), the legacy platform required that the team to key in the same information for each incident. With Origami Risk, they can fill in the accident information one time only, and carry that information over, eliminating redundant data entry. 2. Platform integration: When making a payment in the old platform, the Insurance Coverage Office accountant had to enter the same payment information twice: once into the state accounting system and the claims system. Origami Risk created a process where the claims adjuster would enter the payment into the system without the payment posting against the Reserves. The adjuster then prints out the transaction screen and gives it to the accountant with the medical bill or invoice. The accountant then verifies the information entered and approves the transaction. This eliminates the double-entry process. 3. Communication: Sending information to third parties such as vehicle appraisers was extremely cumbersome with the old system. The claims adjusters had to print out documents and either fax them or scan them into an email and send them. The Origami Risk service team was able to set up workflows to automatically trigger workflows (emails or letters) based on the type of claim and the information entered into the system. 4. Unique workflows: Origami Risk was also able to save the Insurance Office a significant amount of time managing claims that are unique to the state—for example, repairing damage to mailboxes during snow plowing. The claims team is responsible for collecting the information on the damaged mailboxes, sending a vendor to repair or replace the mailbox, following up to ensure that the repairs were completed properly and making payments. All of this work was done manually. While the claims were for a low dollar amount, they were very time-consuming to manage. The Origami Risk service team saw the challenges that the claims team was facing and created a unique workflow in Origami to reduce the amount of time to manage mailbox claims. The service team set-up a workflow so that the claims team was able to enter a mailbox specific incident. The data fields captured information such as the type of mailbox/post and if a contractor is required. The claims team is able to select a contractor assigned to the geographic location of the residence and is able to send a fire event to the contractor with the claim information. The Origami Risk service team is working on a report that would provide the State with a mapping of the mailbox losses and identify problem Department of Transportation employees who plow the areas with a higher percentage of claims. “Origami Risk handles standard claims 85- 90% more efficiently than our old system and is easily able to handle our unique claims workflows.” – Marcia Lundy, State of Delaware Insurance Coverage Supervisor The claims team was “amazed” by how flexible the system was and how they were able to customize the platform to meet their specific claims management workflows, improving data quality and reducing the time necessary to effectively manage claims. Related articles View more Case Study Pima County Case Study Wichita Public Schools Case Study Choate Construction View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent