Larimer County - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Case Study Larimer County RMIS Government Download case study (1.8MB) Share Larimer County government serves the residents of Colorado’s seventh-largest county by population. Encompassing 2,634 square miles — nearly twice the size of the state of Rhode Island — ranging from irrigated farmland to Rocky Mountain National Park, the county operates as a corporate entity with 26 different departments including law enforcement, corrections, road maintenance, human services, and natural resources management. At a glance Challenge Limited visibility into loss data with departments receiving unexplained cost allocations Lack of engagement and transparency across 26 diverse county operations Need for data-driven approach to minimize total cost of risk Solutions Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Configurable reports and dashboards Ergonomics tracking and documentation ADA compliance tracking Outcomes Risk Management department serves as integral business partner to all 26 operation groups Fewer workers’ compensation claims and lower costs in over fifteen-year span despite 30% employee growth No workers’ compensation claims exceeding retention limits in 17 years “Somebody can ask me a question, and I’ve got a report I’ve built that helps answer it. Whatever any department wants to see, I can provide it to them out of Origami Risk.” Jeff Green, Risk Manager, Larimer County Protecting Larimer County’s resources through comprehensive risk management The Larimer County risk management department’s mission is clear: minimize harm to the County’s physical, human, fiscal, and environmental resources while reducing its total cost of risk. When Jeff Green was hired as Risk Manager in 2008, this mission required a fundamental transformation in how risk management operated. Rather than functioning as what Green describes as a “black hole” where departments received unexplained bills allocating insurance and risk management costs, the department needed to become a transparent and proactive partner that understood the unique operational needs of each department. In the years since, Green and his team have transformed the County’s risk management program by taking a hands-on approach that has built trust, fostered a proactive risk management culture across departments, and delivered outstanding results. PRIMA, the Public Risk Management Association, honored Green with the 2025 Public Risk Manager of the Year Award in recognition of this sustained success. Since 2014, Origami Risk has served as the technology foundation supporting the County’s risk management program. The platform’s capabilities support the services the department provides, specifically the data collection, analysis, and reporting that enable Green’s transparency-focused approach. Green and his team have leveraged Origami Risk’s configurability and standard reporting templates, building over 100 reports that provide departments with transparent insights into their risk profiles, enabling collaborative efforts to identify and prevent losses. Data-driven decisions minimize total cost of risk Green and his team analyze trends using Origami Risk’s configurable reports and dashboards to track patterns by department, injury type, day of the week, and more. This granular analysis enables precise interventions that address root causes rather than symptoms. Use of reports and dashboards also informs the department’s loss-sensitive cost allocation program, which ensures departments understand their contribution to the County’s total cost of risk, fosters accountability, and encourages proactive safety measures across all 26 operating groups. “We offer ergonomic assessments pre-injury, fit workstations to employees, and track everything in Origami Risk. If an injury happens later, we know the baseline and can investigate what has changed.” Jeff Green, Risk Manager, Larimer County Proactive prevention safeguards employees An ergonomist on the Risk Management Department staff conducts ergonomic reviews for new employee’s workstations, with all assessments and baseline data stored in Origami Risk. This proactive approach to proper workstation setup helps to prevent repetitive stress injuries that could sideline County employees and result in costly medical expenses. Data analysis is also used to identify patterns and implement corrective actions in other operational areas. For example, when data revealed consistent injury patterns resulting from annual defensive tactics training for Sheriff’s department employees, the team didn’t accept this as inevitable. Instead, they used analysis to design targeted interventions, piloting protective equipment programs that maintain essential training effectiveness while minimizing injury frequency and severity. Tracking compliance Origami Risk’s configurability enables the department to manage DOT regulations for 150-200 Commercial Driver’s License (CDL) drivers across six departments, tracking drug and alcohol testing programs. The platform is also used to support ADA Title II compliance efforts by capturing complaints from citizens and tracking remediation efforts. By managing compliance within a single platform, the department can efficiently address diverse regulatory requirements while protecting residents, employees, and the County’s resources. Measurable results demonstrate mission success The effectiveness of Larimer County’s approach to minimizing harm and total cost of risk is evident in measurable outcomes. In 2024, Larimer County recorded fewer workers’ compensation claims and paid out less in total than in 2011 – despite a 30% increase in employee headcount and an 80% rise in payroll over the intervening years. As a self-insured entity for workers’ compensation up to their retention limit, this performance has enabled favorable multi-year agreements with excess carriers who recognize what the department is doing with their data and the hard work they put in to prevent losses. The success of this hands-on approach, emphasizing transparency and data-driven risk management, demonstrates the value of a long-term partnership with Origami Risk in supporting the Risk Management Department’s mission to protect Larimer County’s resources and serve its residents. Related articles View more Case Study Pima County Case Study Wichita Public Schools Case Study Choate Construction View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent