The Benefits of Adopting EHS Mobile Technology - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Blog The Benefits of Adopting EHS Mobile Technology February 15, 2024 EHS RMIS Mobile Share Risk and safety mobile apps promote convenience, efficiency, and productivity in the workplace. Organizations that adopt mobile apps as essential tools for supporting safety programs can expect to reduce reporting lag, improve safety culture, and gain better insight into live hazards that jeopardize their workplaces. Risk and safety professionals at organizations across industries are united by a common goal: Ensuring workers return home safely at the end of their shifts. Doing so is no small feat. As many as three out of every 100 full-time workers will have an accident on the job, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics’ Employer-Related Workplace Injuries and Illnesses, 2021-2022 , based on the 2022 total recordable cases (TRC) incidence rate. While most workplace accidents are preventable, one of the biggest challenges to reducing TRC is a lack of resources for effectively monitoring job sites. What if there was a way for risk and safety professionals to pinpoint potential problem areas in real time and effectively intervene to create a safer, more productive working environment? One possible solution can be found in the palm of your hand. Mobile app technology can serve as an extension of risk and safety teams  across multiple facilities and jobs. Risk and safety professionals can track, view, and assess situations as they unfold, almost in real time. For one construction firm highlighted in the case study found at the conclusion of this blog the use of risk and safety mobile technology helped reduced TRC by more than half — from 3.8 TRC to 1.82 TRC — within two years of implementation. 6 BENEFITS OF EHS MOBILE TECHNOLOGY Risk and safety mobile apps promote convenience, efficiency, and productivity in the workplace. Organizations that adopt mobile apps as essential tools for supporting safety programs can expect to reduce reporting lag, improve safety culture, and gain better insight into live hazards that jeopardize their workplaces. The following are six benefits of using risk and safety mobile technology: 1. Real-time Data Risk and safety mobile technology enables employees to input data on site. Reducing reporting lag allows safety and risk professionals to obtain faster access to crucial details that inform better decisions, allowing preventative measures and corrective actions to be put into place sooner. 2. Heightened Engagement Conducting inspections and reporting incidents is faster and easier using a mobile app. This encourages greater employee participation and promotes collaboration, which can help foster a safer workplace and culture. 3. Increased Efficiency Using risk and safety mobile technology eliminates the need for pen and paper documentation, which reduces administrative workloads and redundancies. 4. Greater Accuracy Employees utilizing risk and safety mobile technology don’t have to rely on their recollection of events; instead, they can input text or capture photos to illustrate details as they are unfolding. This provides more accurate data — information that helps to risk and safety professionals form a clearer picture of their organizations’ risk and safety profile. 5. Standardized Data Entry Mobile apps have structured input fields. These allow data to be more easily entered and, once input, more organized. Organizations gain greater insight into hazards and risks without having to spend time and resources sifting through data — to uncover and correct inconsistencies — gathered using other collection methods and the inconsistencies between them. 6. Proactive Risk and Safety Initiatives High-quality data collected using mobile apps can be used to drive innovative strategies that lead to an overall reduction in hazards, incidents, and injuries. MOBILE TECH PROMOTES SAFER OUTCOMES Organizations that increase reporting with the assistance of mobile technology recount having greater success with establishing preventative measures that reduce risk, promote safety, and have real financial impact. When companies utilize mobile technology in their risk and safety efforts, they can expect contributions to: Improved workplace safety that boosts employee morale, attracts top talent, and improves retention. A reduction in incidents , which leads to a decrease in claims, litigation, insurance premiums, and citations. More focused employees , who, because of the ease of use of mobile technology, are freed up to devote more attention to tasks at hand. From improved production times for frontline workers to more proactive safety team initiatives, the added value is far-reaching. A decreased risk of reputational damage due to improved prevention and mitigation strategies. CASE IN POINT: CONSTRUCTION FIRM TRC REDUCED BY MORE THAN HALF The Challenge : A global construction firm struggled with underreporting of near misses and a high TRC. Their manual tracking process for near misses recorded fewer than 100 incidents per month and TRC was above 3.8. The Solution : The firm had users adopt a mobile app to track near misses and corrective actions. The Result : Near miss reporting increased to 1,200 incidents per month. TRC was reduced by more than half to 1.82 within the first two years of implementation. Employees avoided injury and the company saved an estimated $30 million in claims costs as a result. Data captured using mobile technology allowed the construction firm to determine the riskiest jobs and the scenarios with the highest likelihood of severe repercussions. This data equipped EHS safety supervisors with the knowledge needed to implement preventative structural and behavioral changes that stopped the occurrence of many potential incidents. These efforts didn’t go unnoticed by employees and were embraced by over 95% of their workforce. The positive changes attracted safer, more consistent new hires and their turnover rate dropped by 25%. Overtime hours decreased significantly as well, as there were fewer occurrences of employees needing to work additional hours to provide coverage for injured workers. To learn more about the adoption of risk and safety mobile technology in your organization, visit origamirisk.com/mobile or contact us to request a demo. Related articles View more Blog Why Waiting for Data Is Costing You and What You Can Do About It Blog Integrating GRC and EHS: A Holistic Approach to Risk Management Blog Risk Management That Keeps up with the Jobsite View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent