Global Materials Corporation - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Case Study Global Materials Corporation GRC RMIS Download case study (2MB) Share Headquartered in Europe, this global materials company operates in more than 25 countries and runs over 50 production sites. With a workforce of over 10,000 employees, the organization is structured around four distinct business groups focused on advanced materials, clean technologies, and resource recovery. The company’s risk and insurance function is managed by a small, globally distributed team. Four members are based at the European headquarters, with one located in the U.S. Together, they oversee global insurance programs, manage a captive, and lead enterprise risk initiatives across the business. At a glance Challenges A standalone risk management solution Configurable to workflow and reporting specifications Comprehensive management and ownership of data throughout the business Bespoke premium allocation solution Solutions Risk Management Information System (RMIS) Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Outcomes Integrated data management in a single system Premiums allocated in hours instead of weeks Streamlined claims management Centralized and automated risk recommendations Requirements Having operated for over 100 years, this organization has developed a deep understanding of the specific risks the business faces. However, the ability to gather, update, and monitor risk and claims data was limited by their existing risk management processes. When a new Head of Insurance and Risk joined the company in 2017, every team member maintained multiple spreadsheets, including separate ones for premiums, claims, and the entirety of their enterprise risk management (ERM) data across multiple sites and teams. This resulted in a fragmented approach to collecting, collating, and utilising their risk management data. This reliance on spreadsheets and manual processes introduced significant inefficiencies. The process of collecting data, ensuring its accuracy, and compiling reports consumed excessive time and resources. More concerning was the potential for errors inherent in manual data entry and updates. The premium allocation process exemplified these challenges. This critical task could take the team weeks to complete, with the manual calculations in spreadsheets often leading to errors that required time-intensive review and correction. They wanted to eliminate reliance on spreadsheets, have daily, immediate insights into their risk environment, and the ability to produce more accurate, timely reports. The removal of repetitive, time-consuming tasks would also reduce the potential for human error through re-keying and free up the specialist team to focus on more strategic, business imperatives. Better insights and reporting would not only help the team manage and mitigate insurable and non-insurable risks but also support insurance programme negotiations with brokers and insurers. These insights would also enable the team to more accurately allocate proportions of the global premium costs to individual business units, many of which are their own legal entities. The solution The organization partnered with Origami Risk following an in-depth review of risk management technology options. The risk management team was particularly attracted to Origami Risk’s single platform, cloud-based RMIS offering, the reputation of its client service team, and the ability to configure solutions based on clients’ specific business requirements. Before implementation the Origami Risk team worked closely with the organization. Some Origami Risk team members even donned hard hats during visits to production sites to ensure they had a feel for the nature and risks associated with their business. The company began implementation of Origami Risk’s GRC and RMIS solutions in 2020. The Origami Risk implementation configured these solutions to support. Their ERM and reporting needs, including a specific premium allocation function. The company can now accurately and swiftly, allocate premium — taking on board local taxation, tariffs, and even the weather — across the business. More importantly, this task takes a matter of hours, rather than days or weeks, enabling efficiency in invoicing the different legal entities directly. The results Through working in partnership with Origami Risk, the organization has seen a significant increase in process efficiency and a marked improvement in the visibility and management of its risk data. This efficiency gain comes along with significant improvements in data quality. A complete historical view of claims since the 1980s provides insight into longterm risk patterns, while the more tailored risk-based premium distribution ensures that costs are allocated fairly based on risk profiles. The insurance and risk team now have clearer insight into the risks and events impacting the business across the globe. This helps to manage the total cost of its insurance programme, including breakdown of risk by geography. Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) solutions are also accessible, via portals, to the wider business. This enables individual ERM champions across the organisation to update and review information on a regular basis. For example, this enables business managers to access insurance certificates when needed and allows legal counsel to keep track of any ongoing, or potential, litigation. “Partnering with Origami Risk enables us to not only work very efficiently but provides us with very detailed oversight of the specific risks impacting our business which inform our approach to managing and mitigating both insurable and uninsurable risks around the world. We have everything in one system in which we can amend constantly if need be. That’s the biggest advantage — you can really have everything in one system, easy access for everyone, and actionable insights to manage our exposures.” HEAD OF INSURANCE & RISK Global Materials Corporation Related articles View more Case Study Pima County Case Study Wichita Public Schools Case Study Choate Construction View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent