Harford Mutual Insurance Group - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Case Study Harford Mutual Insurance Group Claims Administration Insurance Solution Insurance Download case study (163KB) Share Commercial property and casualty insurer prepares for future growth by transforming multi-line claims administration with a single instance, multi-tenant SaaS Harford Mutual Insurance Group (HMIG) has seen its share of volatile markets over more than 180 years of serving commercial policyholders. Yet despite the challenge of navigating the unpredictability ranging from catastrophic weather and inflationary pressure to evolving jurisdictional legislation, HMIG has found success through a concerted effort to deliver excellent service and value to policyholders, agents, and employees. Those efforts have not gone unrecognized, with notable publications nodding to their efforts, including Top Workplace USA, Insurance Journal Super Regional Property/Casualty Insurer, Best’s Review of Top 200 U.S. Property/Casualty Writers, NAMIC Award in Innovation, and Aon Ward’s 50, among others. Given the backdrop of a long-earned industry reputation, when the time came to look for a replacement of the claims administration system CEO Steve Linkus had championed in the 1990s, it wasn’t a process or decision the company undertook casually. Their current system had served well, but evolving technology standards and expanding ambitions necessitated leveraging the power of cloud platforms and the broader insurance ecosystem. “Although we’re a regional carrier, we still compete with all the national carriers for new and renewal business,” explained Harford Mutual Senior Vice President and COO Wayne Gearhart, “so it really meant that we had to have national carrier capabilities to support our strategic growth plans.” For many HMIG employees, the opportunity to undergo digital transformation was a process undertaken once in a career. Fortunately, Wayne had previous experience with other projects on which to draw. The deep-rooted desire to “get it right the first time” was a driving factor in the approach the leadership team at HMIG took to the process. After building internal consensus for requirements across contributing divisions and visualizing a future to become the regional insurer of choice, HMIG consulted with an industry analyst firm and was ultimately matched with Origami Risk’s multi-tenant claims solution. Criteria hinged on a platform that would integrate with the existing policy administration system, match an aggressive growth plan, while also improving the claims experience. Looking toward the inception phase, Harford Mutual was very selective in putting together internal and outsourced teams to take part in the project. Experience in observing other insurers’ failures during their transformation projects made it clear that they had to be realistic with themselves and establish a clear path to the desired outcome. Commenting on the approach, Wayne added “Our crucial component was to ensure we put the best people on the project and empower them to make the critical decisions to keep the project moving, only providing executive intervention when absolutely necessary.” Keeping interested internal stakeholders in-the-know about the project required some creativity. The HMIG team created periodic video updates apprising the larger team of progress toward each milestone. This approach helped ensure broad buy-in for new workflows and changes that differed from the current system while providing an early preview that would prove valuable during the testing phase. A digital transformation of this size and complexity – 10 lines of business across 10 states – and with a seemingly endless number of decisions to be made during the inception and implementation phases, benefited from the involvement of systems integrator, Ernst & Young (EY). Their inclusion helped orchestrate the work between Origami and HMIG and kept alignment consistent throughout the project, unifying the work. “Our production timeline of deliverables was ambitious,” remarked Caty Wilson, Strategy and Process Optimization Manager for Harford Mutual, “but our focus on the big picture, communicating effectively across teams, and resolving pivotal decisions led us to on-time delivery within budget.” With project kick-off in May 2022 to go-live just 14 months later in July 2023, the project stands out as a notable achievement for all parties and one that is projected to deliver value as HMIG expands their vision into the next 180 years and beyond. Since launch, HMIG has completed the ClearPath Mutual merger and their expansion in the workers’ compensation insurance line of business. Cloud technology driven by configuration over coding was a central strategy to bringing claims under a single software and helping make the combining of systems a reality. Related articles View more Case Study Pima County Case Study Wichita Public Schools Case Study Choate Construction View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent