Wichita Public Schools | Case Study | Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Case Study Wichita Public Schools RMIS Education Government Download case study (2.7MB) Share Wichita Public Schools is the largest school district in Kansas, serving approximately 45,000 students across 97 schools, special program sites, and support centers. They’re also one of the largest employers in the state. The district offers diverse educational options including magnet schools, virtual learning, alternative education, and career and technical education (CTE) pathways. “Previously, teachers had to devote instructional time to complete lengthy paper forms. With Origami Risk, we can give teachers that time back so they can focus on students and instruction. And it gives me time back because I get reports faster and with more complete information.” – Patrick Greene, Risk and Compliance Analyst, Wichita Public Schools At a glance Challenges Legacy system lacked scalability and incompatibility with newer systems required even more workarounds, which caused reporting delays. Manual data entry and spreadsheet tracking increased the risk of missed deadlines, miscoded injuries, and incomplete information. Existing combination of programs and data in different systems required manual integration work. Budget constraints required a cost-effective, yet robust solution. Solutions Transitioned to Origami Risk for claims management, and retirement data tracking. Risk Management Information System (RMIS) Integration with third-party software to securely and efficiently exchange data related to employees and students, medical bill review, and pharmacy benefit management. Comprehensive employee profiles (FMLA, medical leave, leave of absence, employee relations, and drug test) Outcomes Streamlined workflows eliminated manual re-entry and improved productivity by several hours each week. Significantly shortened the time to process and report incidents. Gave teachers back valuable in-class time while improving data consistency and completeness. Centralized platform supports multiple risk management functions without manual reconciliation. Enhanced their ability to identify trends and ensure compliance. Freed up time for staff to focus on severe claims and strategic initiatives. Improved transparency and increased trust with the community. Scaling up from an outdated system Wichita Public Schools previously relied on a basic claims management system designed for smaller organizations. Though initially cost-effective, the legacy system’s inefficiencies drove up the true cost of ownership, prompting the district to seek a smarter, more scalable solution. After benchmarking against peer organizations, Wichita Public Schools selected Origami Risk for its scalable platform and intuitive user experience, which enabled them to stay budget-conscious while meeting the needs of busy educators. Streamlining claims management Origami Risk has become central to Wichita Public Schools’ ability to manage claims efficiently. Without it, the team would struggle to access claim history, retrieve key documents, and handle complex or litigated cases. They also rely on Origami Risk for other workflow essentials like electronic reporting, which supports compliance, improves communication, and ensures timely follow-up. This efficiency translates to faster claims resolutions, better oversight over taxpayer dollars, and better support for staff and students. Simplifying incident reporting for staff Origami Risk completely transformed how student accident reports are submitted and managed. Teachers, nurses, and athletic trainers now use a user-friendly interface that saves classroom time and ensures more complete documentation. And real-time alerts of the reports come directly to the risk manager. With centralized access, district leaders can respond quickly and effectively, as well as spot trends and ensure compliance. Streamlining retirement and staffing workflows Previously tracked via scattered files and paper records, retirement data is also now managed in Origami Risk. The system integrates with Wichita Public School’s position management system to ensure timely recruitment actions, reducing delays and errors in staffing transitions. If a teacher retires mid-school year, Origami coordinates actions across departments to keep everyone informed and classrooms supported. Expanding the risk management horizon Formerly, the Employee Benefits and Insurance Management team relied heavily on manual processes for data entry and record management. Now, with support from Origami Risk to streamline processes, they’ve freed up time to assist other staff and become a responsive and proactive resource for the rest of the district. The team is now looking to use Origami Risk for safety audits, facility evaluations, and preventive risk tracking. And future goals include dashboard development for district-wide trend analysis and further automation of workflows to further improve Wichita Public Schools. “Previously, teachers had to devote instructional time to complete lengthy paper forms. With Origami Risk, we can give teachers that time back so they can focus on students and instruction. And it gives me time back because I get reports faster and with more complete information.” – Patrick Greene, Risk and Compliance Analyst, Wichita Public Schools Related articles View more Case Study Pima County Case Study Choate Construction Case Study Global Materials Corporation View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent