Origami Risk Recognized for Strengthening Operational Resilience by Independent Research Firm - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Blog Origami Risk Recognized for Strengthening Operational Resilience by Independent Research Firm May 28, 2024 GRC Share Imagine your business is facing a sudden disruption — a cyberattack, a natural disaster, a critical system failure. How quickly could you bounce back? Operational resilience is the key to weathering these storms. It’s about ensuring your business is prepared and can continue operating efficiently, even amidst unexpected challenges. In the 2024 Verdantix Smart Innovators: Operational Resilience Software report, Origami Risk was recognized as one of sixteen solutions that are helping clients manage a range of operational resilience requirements. Verdantix describes operational resilience software as “Specialized solutions that enhance firms’ foresight in predicting, preventing, withstanding, adapting to and rebounding from unexpected disruption and risks across various operational domains. It integrates features for governance, risk management (including information and communication technology (ICT) risk management), business continuity planning, incident management, workforce management, and supply chain resilience.” Why this operational resilience report is important to you With a market characterized by such a wide array of variables and diverse solutions, making informed buying decisions can be challenging. This report aims to clarify the various options available, highlighting key features and capabilities of each solution to help organizations choose the most suitable tools for enhancing their operational resilience. By leveraging the insights and recommendations provided, companies can make strategic investments in software that aligns with their specific needs and objectives, ensuring robust and resilient operations. Verdantix specifically advises that, “Executives should use this report to evaluate vendors’ capabilities across 12 key functionality areas, for informed decisions when purchasing operational resilience software solutions.” Where Origami Risk’s operational resilience solutions shine Origami Risk’s Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) solutions were measured as advanced/mature for: Regulatory compliance & reporting to enhance an organization’s operational resilience by ensuring alignment with relevant regulations and industry standards, as well as providing monitoring systems to track key operational resilience metrics and indicators. Risk indicators / risk register that offers a detailed overview of various risks affecting operational resilience, including information on their likelihood, impact, mitigation measures, and current status, as well as provides early issue detection by measuring unusual patterns and observable metrics to assess the likelihood or presence of risks. Security & emergency assistance to facilitate effective communication during emergencies, offering tools to monitor and track business and workforce exposure to potential threats and utilize predictive analytics and risk assessment capabilities to proactively identify security threats and vulnerabilities. Vendor risk information provider that enables integrations with external data sources to monitor supply risk exposure as part of the information used for assessing and monitoring vendor risks. But wait, there’s more to our governance, risk, and compliance solutions That’s not all our GRC solutions can do. GRC solutions by their very nature are wide-reaching and play a role in measuring, mitigating, and preparing for risks across an organization. Origami Risk provides our clients with a powerful, single platform that helps them bolster their operational resilience: By systematically identifying, assessing, and managing risks across the organization, Enterprise Risk Management ensures that potential threats to operational resilience are proactively addressed, reducing the likelihood and impact of disruptions. Strong Internal Controls Management helps safeguard against operational failures and ensures compliance with regulations, thereby maintaining the integrity and reliability of business processes critical to operational resilience. Compliance Management ensures adherence to regulatory requirements and industry standards and reduces the risk of legal penalties and operational disruptions, supporting a stable and resilient operational environment. Business Continuity Management ensures that organizations have emergency response plans in place so they can quickly adapt to and recover from disruptive events, maintaining operational resilience. A proactive Vendor Risk Management program that monitors and manages risks associated with third-party vendors helps mitigate potential supply chain disruptions, ensuring that external dependencies do not compromise operational resilience. Conducting regular Internal Audits helps identify and rectify weaknesses in processes and controls, providing continuous improvement and assurance that the organization’s operational resilience strategies are effective. One platform means that all your risk data is inherently connected and reportable, making it easier to track trends and patterns to better predict and plan for disruptions. With Origami Risk, one platform means a single platform for everything we do, from GRC to RMIS to EHS and beyond. It’s time to get operational resilience right Operational resilience is a key program to get right, as it is essential for maintaining business continuity and safeguarding against disruptions. From managing enterprise risks and internal controls to ensuring compliance and business continuity, Origami’s solutions help support organizations in building resiliency. Origami was included in the Verdantix report for the strengths of our GRC solutions, reinforcing our commitment to helping your organization navigate the complexities of operational resilience, enhance your ability to withstand and recover from adverse events, and ensure long-term stability and success. Verdantix subscribers can access the 2024 Verdantix Smart Innovators: Operational Resilience Software report by visiting https://www.verdantix.com/report/smart-innovators-operational-resilience-software . To learn more about how Origami Risk can help bolster your operational resilience, check out our GRC Solutions . Related articles View more Blog Why Waiting for Data Is Costing You and What You Can Do About It Blog Integrating GRC and EHS: A Holistic Approach to Risk Management Blog Risk Management That Keeps up with the Jobsite View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent