9 Essential Features for Risk & Safety Mobile Technology - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Blog 9 Essential Features for Risk & Safety Mobile Technology March 4, 2024 EHS RMIS Mobile Share Not all risk and safety mobile technology is created equal. The mobile solution you select should include certain critical features. In this post (the second in a three-part series), we examine nine essential features to be on the look out for when considering your mobile technology options. Risk and safety mobile apps are effective in contributing to a safer work environment for all. The use of mobile technology has become widespread due to its many benefits , including real-time reporting, high-quality data, better employee engagement, and increased efficiency across the organization. According to Verdantix’s Global Corporate Survey 2022: EHS Budgets, Priorities And Tech Preferences , approximately 68% of EHS organizations are utilizing some kind of mobile software. If you’re one of the 32% without a mobile technology solution, you are likely requiring risk and safety professionals and other employees to return to a desktop computer to log incidents, without the ability to gather data on potential problems in real time – data that could ultimately inform crucial decisions that keep employees safe. In your search for the right mobile technology, the first mountain to scale is: What should I be looking for in a mobile application? Surely not all are created equal. WHAT SHOULD YOU BE LOOKING FOR IN A RISK & SAFETY MOBILE PLATFORM? A mobile platform must perform effectively across the range of your organization’s use cases. To ensure you are accounting for all use cases, you can involve risk and safety professionals within your organization in the process by asking them which metrics they find the most useful and if they are succeeding or struggling to gain employee buy-in with current reporting processes. This dialogue will likely deliver insights into the unique needs of teams and users across your organization. Keeping their input and ideas top of mind as you seek out the ideal mobile solution for your organization will contribute to both selecting and driving successful, widespread adoption. ESSENTIAL MOBILE FEATURES CHECKLIST Not all risk and safety mobile technology is created equal. The mobile solution you ultimately select should, at a minimum, include the following features. User-friendliness helps ensure successful adoption by employees across all levels and roles. Business mobile apps are often more complicated than the consumer apps many workers use in their daily lives; your mobile solution must simplify the user experience as much as possible. Look for apps that offer a structured user interface with clear directions and dropdown menus that display only the essential options for the type of worker using it. Provides the ability to add supporting files such as photos and videos. This allows employees to communicate issues quicker and better illustrates deficiencies and potential risks and hazards, allowing safety teams to respond more efficiently and effectively. Includes a voice to text option for ease of use. Whether an employee lacks confidence in their use of technology or writing abilities, cannot easily work on the jobsite hands free, or is short on time, this feature promotes involvement in the reporting process by those who otherwise may struggle to participate. It’s also a great value-add for all employees who would prefer this option to typing on their phones. Has offline functionality that enables those working in areas with limited or no internet service to complete reporting requirements on-site. This feature saves information captured while an employee is offline so they can easily upload it once they are back within range of Wi-Fi. Allows for anonymous reporting so employees can log on with a numerical code tied to their department or job function. This promotes employee participation in two ways: It eliminates the need to remember a unique username and password, and eases fear of backlash for reporting an incident. Optimizes workflows and notifications to promote better communication and ensure pertinent data is not overlooked. Pay special attention to mobile software that gives you the ability to assign corrective actions directly through the app. For example, an automated email that sends relevant information to the appropriate team when a specified type of incident report is submitted. Includes configurability options that allow for organizations to tailor the mobile software to their unique needs. Be wary of mobile apps that only offer standard forms without options for field modification. Apps that require custom coding to add new fields can result in lengthy delays and additional costs. More optimal solutions allow an administrator from within the organization to easily modify form fields whenever the need arises. Brings together data in a way that provides clear data insights that allow safety teams to make the right decisions about where to focus resources to prevent the most severe, costly, and highest volume of incidents. Some apps integrate with a web platform that use business intelligence tools like dashboards to clearly present data and trends for easy analysis. It can also be helpful to consider an integrated risk management approach that provides your organization with a clear view of the financial impact of your safety program initiatives. Incorporates emerging technologies , producing a powerful solution for both today and tomorrow. Make sure your mobile app partner updates regularly and is committed to evolving its products with cutting edge technologies that will drive further efficiency and ease of use, such as geolocation services that will automatically prepopulate forms to avoid manual input and save time. Above all, when selecting risk and safety mobile technology, make sure you choose a mobile app solution that is easy to use and provides real-time insights that will empower your risk and safety teams to implement successful preventative measures. THE RIGHT RISK & SAFETY MOBILE PLATFORM The right mobile platform can help your organization save time and money, improve safety culture, offer more in-depth insights into risks, and lead to reductions in incidents, injuries, and claims. Organizations will see successful adoption of mobile technology if their employees see real, productive outcomes in response to their reports, their supervisors provide timely and supportive feedback, and buy-in is obtained from all areas of the organization, including the executive level. To learn more about what to look for in a risk and safety mobile app for your organization visit https://www.origamirisk.com/mobile or contact us for additional information. Related articles View more Blog Why Waiting for Data Is Costing You and What You Can Do About It Blog Integrating GRC and EHS: A Holistic Approach to Risk Management Blog Risk Management That Keeps up with the Jobsite View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent