Origami Risk Recognized as a Leader for EHS Software by Independent Analyst Firm - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Press Release Origami Risk Recognized as a Leader for EHS Software by Independent Analyst Firm January 15, 2025 Share Platform “combines EHS and RMIS functionality to elevate risk management” CHICAGO, January 15, 2025 –( BUSINESS WIRE )–Origami Risk, the industry-leading risk, safety and insurance Software as a Service (SaaS) technology firm, has been designated as a leader and profiled in the Verdantix Green Quadrant: EHS Software 2025 report of the 21 most prominent environmental, health and safety (EHS) technology providers. Origami’s EHS solution advanced to the “leaders” quadrant from its prior position in the “innovators” quadrant (2023), reflecting the solution’s rapid 40 percent year-over-year growth in clientele and the increasing maturity and expansion of its EHS capabilities. For instance, a new mobile risk and safety app launched by Origami at the start of 2024 was rapidly deployed by more than 150 of its clients. Among 21 EHS vendors profiled in the Verdantix report (from a list of more than 300 vendors), Origami was cited for providing “a distinctive combination of solutions… aiming to serve as a single source of truth for risk management, with offerings across RMIS, GRC and EHS.” “Leveraging a cross-selling approach from its RMIS and GRC platforms, Origami Risk combines EHS and RMIS functionalities, enabling organizations to effectively reduce and prevent safety incidents while also streamlining post-loss and claims management,” commented Chris Sayers, Senior Analyst, Verdantix. “Origami Risk is well-positioned to deliver innovative solutions that drive significant value for firms seeking to strengthen their overall risk management posture.” According to the Green Quadrant report, “The intelligent use of Origami Risk will support cost savings through lower premiums, reduced workers’ compensation claims, strengthened broker relationships and an improved understanding of the impact of safety programs on finances.” “Origami’s advance to the ‘leaders’ quadrant in this prestigious report is a testament to our strong commitment to driving innovation and building a versatile solution that addresses the dynamic needs of EHS professionals throughout the U.S. and around the world,” said Sean Salvas, senior market strategy lead-EHS at Origami. “We continue to work closely with the tens of thousands of global safety professionals using the Origami platform to expand and refine our functionality, adding new capabilities to help clients collaborate effectively across their enterprises to drive speed, efficiency, transparency, continuous improvement and best practices in EHS and risk.” Founded in 2007, Verdantix is an independent research and advisory firm that acts as an essential thought-leader for world-enhancing innovation. Its analysis for the report encompassed live product demonstrations, vendor responses to a 323-point questionnaire, vendor customer interviews and data from its global survey of 301 EHS decision-makers. Origami Risk’s EHS suite is offered on a fully integrated platform for risk and safety, driving collaboration and offering more comprehensive insights into safety program impacts on enterprise and insurable risks. EHS capabilities include safety management, PSM (process safety management), chemical management, environmental and regulatory compliance, and occupational health, all delivered on Origami’s highly configurable web and mobile platform. About Origami Risk – Risk Solutions Origami Risk is an industry-leading provider of integrated software solutions for identifying, assessing, and managing organizational risk. Origami’s scalable, cloud-based platform aggregates data, automates workflows and streamlines collaboration, empowering clients to elevate their risk and safety initiatives through sophisticated, data-driven insights. To learn more, visit origamirisk.com. Related articles View more Press Release Origami Risk Recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Governance, Risk and Compliance Tools, Assurance Leaders Press Release MG Skinner Implements Origami Risk’s Cloud-Native P&C Platform to Drive Growth of Specialty Crime, D&O Lines Press Release Origami Risk Recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for SaaS P&C Core Platforms, North America View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent