King County Metro Transit Department - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Case Study King County Metro Transit Department EHS Government Transportation Share King County Metro Transit Department, one of the largest public transit systems in the United States, utilizes Origami Risk’s Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) suite to centralize critical safety initiative data and processes. About King County Metro With an average annual ridership of more than 122.5M (2016-2020), King County Metro serves the Seattle, WA area and operates one of the largest public transit systems in the U.S. Transportation modes include bus, trolley, streetcar, water taxi, and light rail. The agency has 9 main base locations with over 50 other operations, facility, and support locations. King County metro has approximately 5,500 employees (3,000 operators) with 12 employees on their safety team. Legacy Systems Prior to implementing Origami Risk, King County relied on a plethora of outdated software systems and paper forms for gathering data. As a result, staff spent a significant amount of time manually entering information. The team at King County knew they needed a single repository for all things safety. King County partnered with Origami’s service team to design workflows to establish a more efficient technology system for safety program management. Origami Solutions Single system to submit, track, and report incidents from anywhere by any employee at any time (including accident reports, safety suggestions, and security incidents) Investigations automatically triggered from incident creation Safety meetings to track attendance, list open items, and link to dashboards Driver safety award program update Results Immediate visibility into incidents details instead of weeks Ability to quickly identify “geographical hot spots” where incidents occur so modifications can be made to improve route safety Investigations completed in a more timely manner 12 legacy systems and 90 paper forms retired “Having all of our safety information in one place — instead of manually entered into multiple systems — is revolutionary. We now have instant visibility into incidents and the ability to follow up with operators. People at our organization know that when they submit items, action will be taken,” said Alex Zastrow, Safety Data Analyst at King County Metro. Success Spotlight: King County Metro Safe Driver Award Program Challenge For three decades, the King County Metro’s Safe Driver Award program has been used to instill a culture of safety by recognizing and rewarding those who operate the agency’s buses, trains, and other modes of transportation. However, the process for tracking safe-driving records and gift options selected by employees was extremely time consuming and not scalable, as it included cross-checking employment and incident data across multiple databases, performing manual calculations, and use of spreadsheets for selecting and keeping track of awards. King County Metro knew they could leverage technology to make the process easier for the administrative team, base chiefs, and operators. They partnered with Origami Risk to make it happen. Solution The first step was to load legacy data into Origami and configure easy-to-use Safe Driver Award-specific screens. With all the data from multiple departments in a single database, the process is now simple: Using Origami’s automation tools, calculations are performed, a list of eligible operators is generated, and each operator’s supervising base chief is sent a notification Base chiefs then meet with the operators to view the award options and make a selection The King County Metro safety team uses that information to order and track the awards sent to the operators Since migrating to Origami, the organization has given out over 300 safe driver awards (both their own internal program and the National Safety Council awards for which operators are eligible). Outcomes Reduction of hours of manual data entry and time-consuming tasks for safety team members and drivers’ supervisors Greater acceptance of the use of a technology system for safety Positive and direct interaction between chief and operators, solidifying a strong safety culture “By leveraging Origami, we were able to redesign the entire Safe Drive Award process to be easier and more user friendly and encouraging positive interactions between the chief and operations,” said Alex Zastrow. “It has had a huge impact on our safety culture that we didn’t anticipate when we launched.” Related articles View more Case Study Pima County Case Study Wichita Public Schools Case Study Choate Construction View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent