MG Skinner Grows Specialty Crime & D&O Lines with Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Press Release MG Skinner Implements Origami Risk’s Cloud-Native P&C Platform to Drive Growth of Specialty Crime, D&O Lines November 4, 2025 Insurance Solution RMIS Insurance Platform Reporting and Analytics Share Scalable Solution Helps MGA Gain Efficiencies Across Core Operations, Enhance Service to Policyholders and National Agency Network SANTA MONICA, Nov. 4, 2025 – M.G. Skinner Insurance Agency (MG Skinner), a specialty insurance broker and program administrator operating in all 50 states, has completed the accelerated implementation of Origami Risk’s cloud-native Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platform to drive the continued growth of its crime and directors and officers liability (D&O) insurance lines for condominium and homeowners associations throughout the U.S., while enhancing service to policyholders and their agents and brokers. Implemented significantly under budget, the new solution builds on MG Skinner’s longstanding relationship with Origami Risk. For several years, MG Skinner has been using Origami Risk’s industry-leading risk management information system (RMIS) and claims administration platform for Skinner Select’s full suite of integrated insurance products to address the needs of the commercial and multi-family residential real estate sectors across the U.S. “We’re committed to providing our clients and agency partners with a full suite of innovative and competitively priced insurance and risk management solutions,” said Ryan Skinner, President, MG Skinner. “This commitment calls for an exceptional team, supported with the right tools and technology. Once again, Origami Risk has brought us a scalable and versatile state-of-the-art platform that checks all the boxes and helps facilitate distribution and the service needs for our agents.” “We’re proud of our ongoing partnership with MG Skinner, including their current implementation of our breakthrough Direct Deploy for MGAs to accelerate the expansion of their crime and D&O lines,” said Mike Kaplan, Chief Client Officer, Origami Risk. “In a space where speed to market is a competitive advantage, Origami Risk’s solutions empower MGAs and carriers to move faster, adapt with confidence, and deliver greater value to their customers through streamlined performance.” Origami Risk offers a full suite of end-to-end, integrated SaaS solutions for policy, rating, billing, loss control, claims administration, reporting and analytics. It also offers a full-service ISO and NCCI bureau content management solution and a comprehensive digital engagement experience for all internal and external stakeholders. #     #     # About MG Skinner Los Angeles-based MG Skinner operates as a specialty insurance broker and program administrator in all 50 states, providing proprietary property and liability products under the brand name Skinner Select for habitational, commercial, hospitality and community association assets. Since 1999, Skinner Select has provided a full suite of integrated products and services tailored to meet the needs of Multi-Family and Commercial real estate. Visit https://mgskinner.com . About Origami Risk Origami Risk empowers leaders in insurance, risk, and safety with a purpose-built, cloud-native platform that optimizes workflows for better data, better insights, and better collaboration. Through highly configurable solutions integrated on a single platform, Origami Risk supports the management of the full lifecycle of risk, from prevention to recovery — helping the experts reduce harm and loss, and respond more rapidly and effectively when it happens. Grounded in continuous innovation and a foundational focus on client success, Origami Risk is trusted by leading organizations to enable greater resilience as they build for the future. For more information, visit origamirisk.com . Related articles View more Press Release Origami Risk Recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Governance, Risk and Compliance Tools, Assurance Leaders Press Release Origami Risk Recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for SaaS P&C Core Platforms, North America Press Release Origami Risk Among Crain’s Chicago Business’ 2025 Best Places to Work View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent