American Equity Underwriters - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Case Study American Equity Underwriters Claims Administration Insurance Solution Insurance Download OrigamiRisk_CaseStudies_AEU_20250926 (1.3MB) Share In this video case study, Will Scheffler — Senior Vice President of Claims at The American Equity Underwriters, Inc. — shares how they rely on Origami Risk to help achieve operational excellence for workers’ compensation claims Overview The American Equity Underwriters, Inc. (AEU) has been the program administrator of the American Longshore Mutual Association, Ltd. (ALMA) since 1997, which provides workers’ compensation solutions to more than 1,600 waterfront employers nationwide. In accordance with the U.S. Federal Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act (USL&H), AEU provides their members’ employees medical care, rehabilitation, and compensation benefits following injury resulting from work near or on navigable waters. The inherent risk associated with heavy labor in the maritime industry means that AEU’s members depend on them to help keep workers safe and manage claims costs. AEU’s strong commitment to safety and support for injured workers has led them to be the recipient of several industry awards, including the MarineNews MN100 award and the 5-Star Program Administrator designation by Insurance Business America. AEU also annually recognizes its members who demonstrate excellence in incident prevention through its Safety Award program. Solution As a leading USL&H provider, AEU supports loss prevention and cost mitigation when claims occur at members’ facilities. AEU’s dedication to their members’ long-term success and high service standards led them to research viable options for bringing claims software solutions in house rather than relying on a third-party Service. Commenting on the search, Senior Vice President of Claims Will Scheffler remarked, “In choosing a solution, we prioritized the ability to improve efficiency, customize for our processes, control the experience, and flexibly scale for our unique needs.” The team’s search ultimately led them to Origami Risk’s multi-tenant cloud and the configuration advantages of the platform. The joint implementation project got underway during the latter half of 2019. Despite mid-project challenges stemming from the emerging global pandemic, the service teams at Origami and AEU maintained consistent communication to ensure a seamless system implementation of which both teams remain extremely proud. The benefits to ALMA members were immediate and could be observed as early as the first report of injury. Vice President of Claims Administration Erica Janssen explained, “Per governing regulations, we require a complete LS-202 or the First Report state form to be either handwritten or typed and filed within a timely manner, with missed deadlines incurring penalties. Now, our members can easily share the required information through their Origami portal using a custom form, making for a more efficient and smooth process that prioritizes getting the injured worker the help they need.” Benefits extend to capabilities for white labeling the injured worker mobile app, which provides on-demand case information to claimants 24/7 — a service AEU’s members rely on when it comes to ensuring employees enjoy peace of mind throughout their recovery. Outcome A key outcome of the project was a vast improvement to dashboards for management oversight. The previous tool required multiple manual steps that made report generation burdensome and difficult to share within the organization. Real-time dashboards now provide summary and detailed views of key metrics, are tailored to each user’s role at every level, and are incredibly insightful for managing the cost of claims. Additional benefits also included electronic systems for faster claim payment and integrations with key providers enabling immediate turnaround of authorization forms and emailed documents. The reliance on the system and the data it provides has made it feasible for AEU to give non-standard payment authority to staff adjusters, furthering the goal of eliminating burdensome red tape that is often a large contributor to increasing the cost of claims. With improved visibility into claims workload, greater operational transparency also resulted, streamlining the assignment of new cases to specialist resources. Efficiency rose as SLAs were met and then exceeded, including a 3% increase in closing ratio and more than $187 million in payments processed. “We take great satisfaction in the fact that we don’t overload our claims specialists in order to provide a higher level of service to every case,” Scheffler added. “Origami helps manage our assignments down to the task and their partnership is a real differentiator for us.” Related articles View more Case Study Pima County Case Study Wichita Public Schools Case Study Choate Construction View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent