Pima County - Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Insights / Case Study Pima County RMIS Government Download case study (1.2MB) Share The Problem Pima County, the second most populous county in sunny Arizona, was struggling to track the many variables that come with employing nearly 7,000 individuals with diverse job functions—from “cowboy,” sheriff, and public health nurse, to attorney, civil engineer, and property appraiser. “It’s challenging to manage such a diverse workforce, especially when it comes to training,” said Nicole Schneider, senior program manager for risk management for the Pima County government. “We needed a reliable way to track data associated with our employees for a multitude of reasons including public health and safety, compliance and of course, training.” Our Approach First things first, Origami Risk aimed to simplify how the county and its 43 different departments tracked employee data. We integrated the information into the Origami Risk platform from approximately 12 spreadsheets that the risk management department had been using. This gave the group one central repository for data upkeep. Because so much of the same information is shared and reviewed among the different departments, we made sure the multiple forms and records that are tied to single individuals or events could be pre-populated with existing data from the system. For instance, Pima County is using the platform to capture any data related to incidents. Should an event become a claim, the claim record will automatically be pre-populated with information that was entered into the system at the time of the event. This creates major efficiencies and improves the accuracy of claim records. We also ensured such documents could be updated in real-time, cutting down on the creation of multiple versions that can quickly become out of date because of address changes or any other factors that might be classified as “moving targets.” According to Schneider, having real-time data in one place has been especially helpful when it comes to employees’ motor vehicle records. The risk management department maintains employees’ driving records and can now not only report current violations to supervisors, it can also report a driver’s history. Formerly, different employees in the risk management department would have to go through the process of pulling a motor vehicle record from the motor vehicle division—even if a record had just been pulled. Now, to save time, employees can look at the most recent record within the system, and if it was pulled within a certain time frame, they can rely on the record that already exists. “Because we spend less time on data entry while actually improving our reporting quality, we are way more efficient,” Schneider said. Beyond efficiencies, the quality of Pima County’s employee data has also improved with system implementation, especially data related to employee training, medical screenings, vaccinations, and equipment—all important areas to track because of the nature of so many government employees’ jobs, their level of interaction with the public, and related regulations Previously, the county had to lean on the supervisors within its many departments for providing such data and for follow up. The information was often unreliable due to the absence of standardized tracking. A lack of clarity around training, immunization, and equipment requirements also hindered data quality. We configured the system so that Pima County can track training, screenings, vaccinations, and the equipment that employees need to do their jobs. For example, the team is able to run reports to identify if a driver for the county needs to undergo driver safety training; the schedule of vaccinations for an employee at the jail; and the safety equipment needed for a technician, as well as the equipment’s replacement schedule. Because Origami’s platform is tied into Pima County’s payroll system, the team receives reports when people change jobs and must meet new medical screening, equipment, or training requirements. The team is able to use the reports to notify supervisors within the system regarding employees who need to fulfill training or occupational medical requirements, as well as the employees that are due to receive updated equipment. Schneider reports that being able to track and automate tasks in such areas has improved compliance and related documentation. This is important in the event of an audit from the Centers for Disease Control or OSHA—agencies that impose many of the regulations, as well as penalties or fines for not adhering to their requirements. “Most importantly, our employees are now better protected from any potential hazards associated with their job duties,” Schneider said. “Further, we are much more confident that we are in compliance with any training or health and safety regulations, helping protect us from any negative implications that might result otherwise.” Unexpected Value: Fleet Management With a large number of vehicles and drivers on the roads, Pima County, Ariz., needed to track a considerable volume of auto-related data for the purposes of ensuring driver safety, as well as for handling incidents and claims. Previously, tracking this data meant tracking a lot of paperwork, too. For instance, whenever a motor vehicle incident escalated to the level of a claim, the extensive paperwork would have to travel through four sets of hands. Now, the process is essentially paperless, with only a single form filled out at the time of an incident. Once form data is saved into Origami Risk, the information captured automatically populates any other electronic documents that eventually tie back to the incident Managing the county’s fleet-related data provides more than time savings. The platform’s flexibility allowed Schneider to add multiple data sets related to driver and vehicle performance—none of which had been tracked electronically before—for use in uncovering trends and, ultimately, improving safety. Today, the platform is used to track driver training, CDL licenses, moving violation points, parking violations, data from county vehicles’ GPS tracking systems, and photo enforced driving violations, including feedback, reported using the county’s “How’s my driving?” 1-800 number. “All this information gives us a more complete picture of our drivers’ habits,” Schneider said. “We can be more proactive and address any problems through training or other measures that encourage safer roads.” Related articles View more Case Study Wichita Public Schools Case Study Choate Construction Case Study Global Materials Corporation View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent