P&C Insurance Software | Core Solutions | Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo P&C INSURANCE Future proof your operations with innovative core insurance technology Drive business growth with single-platform policy, billing, and claims software that accelerates product launches, enhances operational efficiency, and strengthens customer satisfaction and retention. Origami Risk recognized in the 2025 Gartner®️ Magic Quadrant™️ SaaS P&C Insurance Core Platforms, North America Read more Trusted by industry leaders Scalable insurance solutions designed for rapid return on investment Implement quickly, integrate seamlessly, and respond rapidly to market shifts with adaptable core solutions built on a proven, cloud-native platform. Origami Risk adapts based on your needs, giving you full control of the insurance lifecycle and delivering actionable intelligence for better decision-making. Download solution sheet Improve speed-to-market Launch products in weeks — not months — with tools that eliminate costly, time-consuming coding dependencies. Connect data ecosystems Break down data silos with APIs that integrate in-house systems, third-party applications, and external data sources. Prepare for growth Expand across business lines and customer segments with a flexible platform built to support evolving strategic priorities. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Streamline insurance administration Power the entire insurance lifecycle with an integrated suite of solutions that unify policy, billing, and claims on a single platform. Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Policy Administration Transform policy operations Deliver products to market quickly and manage the policy lifecycle from a comprehensive system that supports straight-through processing. Learn more Billing Elevate billing capabilities Facilitate meaningful customer interactions with billing options for automating collection, providing payment convenience, managing commissions, and delivering account visibility. Learn more Claims Administration Optimize claims handling Reduce loss ratios, deliver exceptional service, and improve efficiency with workflows and automated routing that gets claims to the right adjusters at the right time. Learn more FEATURED RESOURCE Break free from outdated systems and future proof your infrastructure Get the guide WHO WE SERVE Explore solutions for your business Carriers Manage your diverse lines of business nationwide with cloud-based solutions that drive sustainable business growth. Learn more MGAs Accelerate speed-to-value and turn innovation in your niche into market opportunity. Learn more Risk Pools Empower your team to provide more value to members with a modern core platform integrated with market-leading risk management. Learn more TPAs Provide responsive, high-quality claims service while enabling your clients to access the data they need — when they need it. Learn more Case studies Explore our clients’ real-world success stories Mission Underwriters exceeds KPIs with speed-to-value execution strategy Mission launched 60 lines and hit $500M GWP — powered by fast implementations, unified policy administration, and strong data governance. Read case study Modernizing Municipal Risk Management: How CVMIC Enhanced Engagement with Origami Risk’s Cloud Platform CVMIC replaced its outdated system with Origami Risk’s cloud-based platform to improve access and collaboration. Read case study News and insights View more Press Release MG Skinner Implements Origami Risk’s Cloud-Native P&C Platform to Drive Growth of Specialty Crime, D&O Lines Solution Sheet Origami Risk for Risk Pools Guide The 2026 Guide to MGA Growth View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent