Incident & Events Management Software| RMIS | Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo RMIS | INCIDENTS & EVENTS MANAGEMENT Transform how you capture and respond to incidents Report and manage incidents with mobile tools, centralized data, and automated workflows that drive immediate action and better outcomes. Replace manual processes with connected workflows When you rely on paper forms, spreadsheets, or outdated systems for incident reporting and management processes, data quality suffers and response times lag. Replace fragmented processes with a single system that elevates your team’s ability to report, investigate, and resolve incidents. Origami Risk’s Incident & Event Management solution centralizes data, automates workflows, and connects risk and safety teams, improving accuracy, reducing delays, and driving proactive loss control and safety strategies. OFFERINGS Tools to simplify event intake, analysis, and investigation Report from anywhere Give employees, contractors, and others the power to report incidents instantly — regardless of when and where they occur. Upload photos, videos, and documents via mobile, QR code, secure portal, or anonymous link to ensure detailed information is captured at the point of occurrence. Improve data accuracy Make it easy to capture complete and consistent data with configurable forms that prompt required details and adapt dynamically. Integrate with HR and payroll systems to auto-populate information and eliminate entry errors. Streamline investigations and corrective actions Initiate investigations — including root cause analysis (RCA), assign corrective actions, notify stakeholders, and track progress to improve accountability and reduce recurrence. Triage and transmit to TPAs and carriers Evaluate carrier participation and risk transfer percentages across your portfolio. Use AM Best ratings and exposure data to assess diversification and insurer reliability. Perils and Exclusions Route incidents based on type or severity to ensure timely follow-up and reduce administrative delays. Origami Risk enables risk and safety teams to flag incidents for submission and securely transmit data to TPAs or carriers — accelerating your claims processes and improving coordination. Strengthen loss control and safety programs Centralize incident data and connect it with Origami Risk’s EHS tools to uncover trends, measure corrective action impact, and benchmark performance across locations, using integrated analytics to guide proactive safety strategies. OTHER RMIS SOLUTIONS End-to-end risk management capabilities Connect data for informed insights that improve incident processing, claims and policy management, renewals activities, and more — all from a centralized risk management system. TCOR Analytics Claims Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management TCOR Analytics Measure risk investment impact Transform your ability to measure, analyze, and report on risk costs with dynamic AI-powered calculations, limitless data ingestion options, flexible visualizations, actionable projection capabilities, and seamless integration with Allocations. Learn more Claims Management Accelerate claims resolution Consolidate your claims data across all lines of coverage to streamline workflows, simplify financial reporting, identify trends, reduce litigation costs, and improve claims outcomes. Learn more Insurance Program Management Unify your policy information Centralize insurance information and connect it to claims data, enabling analysis of coverage levels, retention scenarios, and counterparty exposure while simplifying renewals and broker communication. Learn more Allocations Allocate costs with precision Allocate risk management costs across the organization based on configurable formulaic models, flexible cost element selection, and seamless integration with TCOR Analytics. Learn more Exposure Management Track exposures efficiently Manage exposure information across location hierarchies that mirror your organizational structure, automate values collection to reduce administrative workload, and forecast exposure changes to support renewal planning. Learn more News and insights View more Solution Sheet Internal Audit Blog Why Waiting for Data Is Costing You and What You Can Do About It Press Release Origami Risk Recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Governance, Risk and Compliance Tools, Assurance Leaders View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent