Insurance Program Management | RMIS | Origami Risk Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo RMIS | INSURANCE PROGRAM MANAGEMENT Streamline renewals and strengthen your insurance strategy Track policies, model programs, and manage renewals with an integrated solution that improves visibility, reduces manual work, and strengthens broker coordination. Manage insurance programs with clarity and confidence Connect policy data, claims, financials, and renewal workflows together in a single system that eliminates manual tasks and improves visibility across your portfolio. Collaborate more effectively with brokers and vendors, reduce renewal timelines, and make informed coverage decisions with instant access to the information you need. Origami Risk’s Insurance Program Management solution allows you to move quickly with ready-to-use tools and scale with flexible configuration to meet your changing program needs. OFFERINGS Purpose-built tools for policy program management Policy Tracking Capture and organize policy details—terms, limits, perils, exclusions, endorsements, claims, and named insureds — in one place. Quickly find what you need and track changes over time to support audits, renewals, and reporting. Premium Tracking Monitor premiums, fees, taxes, and mid-year changes across policies and programs. Use centralized financial data to inform budgeting, evaluate cost trends, and prepare for renewals. Policy Erosion Analytics Visualize how claims impact available coverage over time. Use erosion charts and dashboards to assess policy performance and guide renewal decisions. Counterparty Exposure Evaluate carrier participation and risk transfer percentages across your portfolio. Use AM Best ratings and exposure data to assess diversification and insurer reliability. Perils and Exclusions Document and report on named perils and exclusions for each policy. Ensure compliance, reduce risk, and support informed coverage decisions. Gaps and Overlaps Visually map coverage across policies to identify gaps and overlaps, project future coverage issues, and support renewal negotiations. AM Best Integration Display AM Best ratings directly on policy records to evaluate — without leaving the system — insurer financial strength and creditworthiness. Insurance Programs and Modeling Build and model insurance programs by grouping policies and testing coverage structures. Chart program maps to evaluate adequacy and explore alternatives. Contract Management Store and manage all of your organization’s insurance-related contracts with version control and access permissions to support audits and ensure consistency. Certificates of Insurance (COI) with OCR Track vendor and contractor COIs, flag expirations and deficiencies, and streamline intake with the use of portals, email templates, and optical character recognition (OCR) scanning for digitizing PDFs. Automated Third-Party Communications Automate workflows and save time by using email templates to send renewal reminders, deficiency alerts, and certificate requests to brokers and vendors. OTHER RMIS SOLUTIONS End-to-end risk management capabilities Connect data for informed insights that improve incident processing, claims and policy management, renewals activities, and more — all from a centralized risk management system. TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incident and Event Management Allocations Exposure Management TCOR Analytics Measure risk investment impact Transform your ability to measure, analyze, and report on risk costs with dynamic AI-powered calculations, limitless data ingestion options, flexible visualizations, actionable projection capabilities, and seamless integration with Allocations. Learn more Claims Management Accelerate claims resolution Consolidate your claims data across all lines of coverage to streamline workflows, simplify financial reporting, identify trends, reduce litigation costs, and improve claims outcomes. Learn more Incident and Event Management Improve incident collection and prevention Capture accurate incident data using flexible intake tools, automate workflows and TPA feeds, and analyze root causes to understand and prevent future occurrences. Learn more Allocations Allocate costs with precision Allocate risk management costs across the organization based on configurable formulaic models, flexible cost element selection, and seamless integration with TCOR Analytics. Learn more Exposure Management Track exposures efficiently Manage exposure information across location hierarchies that mirror your organizational structure, automate values collection to reduce administrative workload, and forecast exposure changes to support renewal planning. Learn more News and insights View more Webinar From Flintstones to Jetsons: Turning Construction Risk Data into Action Press Release MG Skinner Implements Origami Risk’s Cloud-Native P&C Platform to Drive Growth of Specialty Crime, D&O Lines Case Study Pima County View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent