Enterprise Risk Management Software | ERM | Origami Risk GRC Skip to content Platform One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI AI tools to boost speed, insight, and impact. API Access Seamless integration with your data sources. Implementation and Support Expert system configuration and guidance. Origami Mobile An intuitive app for on-the-go reporting. Reporting and Analytics Configurable dashboards. Solutions Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Industries For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Intelligent innovation for insurance administration. Carriers MGAs Risk Pools TPAs Construction Manage risk and safety, on site and off. Government Risk and safety for public entities. Healthcare Risk and safety for healthcare organizations. Manufacturing Risk and safety for more resilient operations. Transportation Risk and safety for businesses on the move. Resources Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Real-world success stories from Origami Risk clients. Insights Industry reports, articles, how-to guides, and more. Events Connect, learn, and network in person or online. About About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo Search Platform Back One platform, limitless potential Enhance operations with an innovative platform built for speed, scalability, and security. Explore our platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions Back Purpose-built solutions Improve outcomes with configurable, integrated solutions for risk, safety, and insurance. Explore our solutions P&C Insurance Cloud-native tools for policy, billing, and claims. Back P&C INSURANCE SOLUTIONS Policy Administration Billing Claims Administration Medical Professional Liability Workers’ Compensation View all Risk Management Information Systems (RMIS) Centralize and manage insurable risk data. Back RMIS SOLUTIONS TCOR Analytics Claims Management Incidents & Events Management Insurance Program Management Allocations Exposure Management View all Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Power a strong safety culture. Back EHS Solutions Operational Risk Management View all Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risk. Back GRC SOLUTIONS Business Continuity Management Enterprise Risk Management Internal Audit Internal Controls Management Policy & Procedure Management Third-Party Risk Management View all Healthcare Solutions Integrated solutions for healthcare providers. Back Healthcare Provider Performance Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Unify risk, safety, and compliance on one platform. Back Industries Back For your industry Empower your organization with solutions that streamline operations and turn data into actionable insights. Explore all industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Back Resource library Discover new perspectives and practical insights to drive better business decisions, and get updates on what’s coming next. Explore all resources Case Studies Insights Events About Back About Origami Risk We support the risk and insurance ecosystem in building more resilient businesses. Learn more Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Contact us Log in Request a demo GRC | Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Proactively manage enterprise risk and resilience Identify, assess, and mitigate risks across the enterprise with a solution that delivers a clear, actionable view of risk — helping your organization adapt and thrive. Origami Risk Recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Governance, Risk and Compliance Tools, Assurance Leaders Read more Align risk planning, response, and performance Support every aspect of your organization’s enterprise risk management program — from identifying threats and assessing potential impacts to coordinating response and reporting on outcomes. Origami Risk’s ERM solution centralizes risk data, connects it to objectives, indicators, and controls, and automates workflows to eliminate silos, improve visibility, and accelerate decision-making, empowering risk leaders to help demonstrate value and drive strategic alignment. Download solution sheet OFFERINGS Tools to identify, assess, and mitigate enterprise risks Corporate Objectives Align risk management with business strategy by connecting corporate goals to real-time risk and performance data. Use tools for objective management, KRIs, KPIs, and business unit-level tracking to highlight progress and uncover areas for improvement. Risk Hierarchy and Register Improve visibility and response planning by centralizing risks in a structured register. Categorize risks, align them to frameworks, and document related processes ensure consistency across departments and transparency for auditors, regulators, and boards. Risk Identification Build a comprehensive risk register by capturing insights from across the organization. Use surveys and assessments to streamline risk identification and the collection of qualitative and quantitative data. Risk Assessment Prioritize risks and guide mitigation efforts with structured scoring methodologies. Apply heat maps, lenses, and multi-factor scoring models to evaluate risks and align decisions with your organization’s risk appetite. Control Management Ensure your control library is current, connected, and audit-ready by managing controls across your risk program with tools for rating effectiveness, aligning with frameworks, and linking to mitigation plans. Issue Management Resolve issues faster and improve accountability with automated workflows that connect directly to risks and controls. Track open items, assign action plans, and monitor progress across your program. AI Risk and Control Explorer Accelerate your risk and control strategy with AI-generated recommendations tailored to your industry, frameworks, and regulatory environment. Quickly surface blind spots, verify risk data, and identify emerging threats using natural language prompts. Bowtie Visualize how risks connect to consequences and controls. Clarify complex scenarios, identify control gaps, and strengthen executive-level communication with interactive, shareable models that support strategic planning. OTHER GRC SOLUTIONS Connect your risk programs with purpose-built GRC capabilities Elevate insight of risk impacts to an enterprise-level understanding with an integrated solution tailored to meet your organization’s requirements and workflows. Business Continuity Management Third-Party Risk Management Policy & Procedure Management Internal Controls Management Compliance Management Business Continuity Management Increase operational resilience Build and manage continuity plans that mitigate operational threats and minimize financial impacts by ensuring swift recovery following disruptions. Third-Party Risk Management Mitigate vendor and contractor liability Protect your organization from vendor-related vulnerabilities using tools for identifying, assessing, and mitigating risks across your entire third-party network. Learn more Policy & Procedure Management Drive effective policy and procedure management Develop, communicate, and maintain corporate policies and procedures to ensure operational consistency and compliance. Learn more Internal Controls Management Understand internal risk control effectiveness Test and manage controls across departments to ensure transparent operations, strengthen stakeholder confidence, and align with internal frameworks and objectives. Compliance Management Measure and report on organizational compliance Assess and monitor your organization’s systems, policies, and procedures to maintain compliance with laws and regulations at corporate, local, state, and federal levels. News and insights View more Solution Sheet Internal Audit Press Release Origami Risk Recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Governance, Risk and Compliance Tools, Assurance Leaders Solution Sheet AI Risk & Control Explorer View more Connect with us Whether you’re exploring solutions or ready to scale, our team is here to help build something great. Contact us Platform Origami Risk AI API Access Implementation and Support Origami Mobile Reporting and Analytics Solutions P&C Insurance RMIS EHS GRC Healthcare IRM Industries P&C Insurance Construction Government Healthcare Manufacturing Transportation Resources Insights Case Studies Events About Leadership Careers News Partners Contact Us Follow us © 2025 Origami Risk LLC Privacy Terms of Use Trust Center Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent