Date Date Save Page to .PDF Date value types are defined based on a: Numeric difference between two dates New date value determined by addition or subtraction Year, month, or day portion of the date returned as a number Defining a Numeric Difference Between Dates Fields View To define a Date value for the numeric difference between dates: In the dropdown list for the appropriate property, click Date . In the Date Method list, click Difference Between Two dates . Enter a Start Date . Use the most recent date as the start date to get a positive result. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Enter an End Date . You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. In the Unit list, click Days , Months , or Years . (Optional) Select the Round up if partial difference check box to round up if any part of the unit is left over. (Optional) Select the Ignore years in difference check box to determine the value based on the number of months and days between the dates regardless of the difference in years. Defining a Date by Addition or Subtraction Fields View To define a new Date value by addition or subtraction: In the dropdown list for the appropriate property, click Date . In the Date Method list, click Create a new date by adding amount or Create a new date by subtracting amount . Enter a Start Date . This defines the beginning date value. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Enter an Amount to be added or subtracted. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. In the Unit list, click Days , Months , or Years . The unit option determines the unit to be changed. If the day of the month is not valid, the day is moved back to a valid date. Defining a Numeric Portion of a Date Fields View To define a Date value that is a numeric portion of a date: In the dropdown list for the appropriate property, click Date . In the Date Method list, click Get a part of the date . Enter a Start Date . This defines the date from which to extract the value. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. In the Unit list, click Days , Months , or Years . The unit option determines the portion of the date to get. The resulting value is the numeric value of the portion requested.