Conditional Conditional Save Page to .PDF With a Conditional value type, you define a condition that determines a true or false value. Conditions can be added to conditional tables, conditional fields, and to Miscellaneous Rules for fields and in other places where a condition is needed. When using the Condition Builder dialog box you can add, delete, group, ungroup, edit, and change the order of conditions. Condition Builder Buttons Fields View The Condition Builder toolbar contains the following buttons. Button Name Action Add Phrase Adds a phrase to the condition. Remove Phrase Removes the selected phrases. Group Phrases Groups the selected phrases. Ungroup Phrases Ungroups the selected phrases. Ungroup All Clears all groupings. Cut Cuts the selected phrase to the clipboard. Copy Copies the selected phrase to the clipboard. Paste Pastes a phrase from the clipboard. Move Up Moves the selected phrase up. Move Down Moves the selected phrase down. Defining a Condition Fields View To define a Condition value: In the list for the appropriate property, click Condition . You can enter the condition directly into the condition window, but it is best practice to use the Condition Builder. Click Condition Builder . The Condition Builder dialog box appears with the Reference Select dialog box over it. Specify each phrase of the condition: For each condition, you identify two references to be compared and the method of comparison. To use multiple conditions, connect the conditions with And or Or connectors. Enter the first Reference . You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. In the Comparison list, click the appropriate item. The available comparisons are = , < , > , <= , >= , <> , Is , IsNot , and Contains . Enter the second Reference . You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. (Optional) In the Connector list, click And or Or to add another phrase. (Optional) Highlight phrases to be grouped in the condition, and then click the Group button . In the Boolean Result list, click the desired result. Options are: Just return TRUE or FALSE Return the specified value for TRUE, nothing for FALSE Return the specified value for TRUE or FALSE If you specified a Boolean Result using specified values, enter the TRUE Value and FALSE Value to be used as appropriate. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Adding a Condition Phrase Fields View To add a condition phrase: Click the line above the line on which you wish the new phrase to appear. Click the Add Phrase button . Define the condition phrase. Deleting a Condition Phrase Fields View To delete a condition phrase: Click the condition phrase. Click the Delete Phrase button . Grouping and Ungrouping Condition Phrases Fields View To make sure that the certain condition phrases are carried out in the correct logical sequence, groupings can be added or removed to isolate logical conditions. To group and ungroup condition phrases: Select the appropriate condition phrases. Click the Group Phrases button to group the selected condition phrases. Click the Ungroup Phrases button to remove the grouping. Click the Ungroup All button to clear all groupings in the current condition. Moving Condition Phrases Fields View To move condition phrases up or down: Click the condition phrase to move within the Condition Builder. Click the Move Up button or the Move Down button to move the condition phrase.