Tables View Controls Tables View Controls Save Page to .PDF You control the Tables view using buttons, menus, and keyboard shortcuts. Tables View Edit Menu The Edit menu for the Tables view includes the following options. Menu Option Action Undo (CTRL+Z) Undoes the last action performed. New Table (CTRL+A) Opens the Table Properties dialog box to create a new regular table. New Condition Table Opens the Table Properties dialog box to create a new conditional table. New External Table Opens the Table Properties dialog box to create a new external table. Delete Table Deletes the selected table. Demote/Revert Removes local table definition, returning it to inherited status. Select by Class Opens the Select by Class dialog box to choose a table from a Class-ordered list. Refresh Table (F5) Refreshes the list of tables. Import External Table Opens the Table Import Wizard to import table data. Properties Opens the Table Properties dialog box for the selected table. Duplicate Table Opens the Table Properties dialog box to duplicate the selected table and retain the information from the copied table. View Table XML Opens the XML Viewer dialog box to display the source XML for the selected table. Compare XML Opens the XML Comparison dialog box to compare the current XML with the base XML. Used By (CTRL+U) Opens the Usage dialog box to list the items that use the selected table. To go to an item, click the item and then click Go To . Key Manages the keys or conditions in the table. This menu option does not appear for an external table. For more information, see: Key Submenu for Regular Tables Key Submenu for Conditional Tables Cell Size Changes conditional table cell sizes. For more information, see Table Cell Size Submenu . Data Manages the data entry in the table. For more information, see Data Submenu . Enter Down Enters data down the columns of the table. Enter Across Enters data across the rows of the table. Key Submenu for Regular Tables The Key submenu for regular tables includes the following options. Menu Option Action Edit Key Opens the Key Properties dialog box for the selected key in the table. Add Key Adds a new key to the table and open the Key Properties dialog box. Delete Key Deletes the selected key from the table. This menu is also available as a shortcut menu from a table key. Key Submenu for Conditional Tables The Key submenu for conditional tables includes the following options. Menu Option Action Add condition Adds a condition cell below the current cell. Edit condition Edits the selected condition using the Condition Builder dialog box. Delete condition Deletes the selected condition cell from the table. Duplicate condition Adds another condition cell with the same value as the current cell. Create sub-level Adds two cells to the right of the current cell to specify an additional level of conditions. Copy condition text Copies the selected condition. Paste condition text Pastes the selected condition. This menu is also available as a shortcut menu from a table condition. Data Submenu The Data submenu for regular and conditional tables includes some or all of the following options. Menu Option Action Modify Data Opens the Modify Data dialog box. Insert Record Inserts a cell into the table, pushing the data down by one cell. The data in the last cell is lost. Delete Record Deletes data from the current cell and move the data up from the following cells. Delete Data Deletes the data in the selected cells. Select All Selects all data in the table. Cut Data (CTRL+X) Cuts the data in the selected cells to the clipboard. Copy Data (CTRL+C) Copies the data in the selected cells to the clipboard. Paste Data (CTRL+V) Pastes the data from the clipboard starting at the selected cell. This menu is also available as a shortcut menu from a table data cell. Modify Data, Insert Record, and Delete Record are not available when a conditional table is selected. Cell Size Submenu The Cell Size submenu only applies to conditional tables, and appears only when a conditional table is selected. The submenu contains the following options. Menu Option Action Increase Min Height Incrementally increases the minimum height of condition cells. Decrease Min Height Incrementally decreases the minimum height of condition cells. Increase Min Width Incrementally increases the minimum width of condition cells. Decrease Min Width Incrementally decreases the minimum width of condition cells. Tables View Toolbar Buttons The Tables toolbar contains the following buttons. Button Name Action New Table Opens the Table Properties dialog box to create a new regular table. Delete Table Deletes the selected table. Refresh Table Data List Refreshes the list of tables. Table Properties Opens the Table Properties dialog box for the selected table. Enter Key Down Enters data down the columns of the table. Enter Key Across Enters data across the rows of the table. Insert a Record in data on the page Inserts a cell into the table, pushing the data down by one cell. The data in the last cell is lost. Delete the current Record from data on the page Deletes data from the current cell and move the data up from the following cells. Tables View Shortcut Menu The shortcut menu for the Tables list includes the following options. Menu Option Action New Table (CTRL+A) Opens the Table Properties dialog box to create a new regular table. New Condition Table Opens the Table Properties dialog box to create a new conditional table. New External Table Opens the Table Properties dialog box to create a new external table. Duplicate Table Opens the Table Properties dialog box to duplicate the selected table and retain the information from the copied table. Delete Table Deletes the selected table. Import External Table Opens the Table Import Wizard to import table data. Properties Opens the Table Properties dialog box for the selected table. Used By (CTRL+U) Opens the Usage dialog box to list the items that use the selected table. To go to an item, click the item and then click Go To . View Table XML Opens the XML Viewer dialog box to display the source XML for the selected table. Compare XML Opens the XML Comparison dialog box to compare the current XML with the base XML. View Inheritance (Data) Opens the Inheritance dialog box to view the current ManuScript's data inheritance chain. Tables View Keyboard Shortcuts Use the following shortcuts to control the Tables view. Keyboard Shortcut Action F5 Refreshes the list of tables. CTRL+A Opens the Table Properties dialog box to create a new regular table. CTRL+C Copies the selected text to the clipboard. CTRL+U Opens the Usage dialog box to list the items that use the selected table. To go to a field, click Goto . To view the list for another field, double-click that field. CTRL+V Pastes the text from the clipboard. CTRL+X Cuts the selected text to the clipboard. CTRL+Z Undo the last action performed. Double-click a table name to go to the Table Properties dialog box. Double-click a key name or key value to go to the Key Properties dialog box.