Pages Pages Save Page to .PDF You can add or remove pages, convert pages from version 1 to version 2, and define page properties. Adding a Page Page Designer View To add a version 1 page: Click the PageSet under which to add a page. Click the Add Page button . The Add Page dialog box appears. In the Page Version drop-down list, click 1.0 . Enter the name of the new page. If you wish the page to be a header, enter header . (Optional) Select the Referenced Page check box, and then click a PageSet and Page to reference the new page. Click OK . The Select Group Association dialog box appears. Click the group to use for the page, and then click OK . Deleting a Page Page Designer View To delete a page: Click the page you wish to delete. Click the Delete button . In the Confirm dialog box, click Yes to confirm the deletion or No to cancel. Converting a Page For instructions on converting a page from Version 1 to Version 2, see Converting a Page (from Version 1) . Defining Page Properties Page Designer View To define a page, you specify the following properties. Property Description Page Name Name of the page. Page Version Version of the page. Caption Name of the page as the user sees it. Execute ManuScript Indication of whether the ManuScript calculates values before the page is displayed. Options are: No — Do not execute the ManuScript. Calculate — Calculate the field specified as the primary value and display the result, but do not update the session. Calculate and Accept — Calculate the field specified as the primary value and display the result, and update the session. Include Worksheet Data Indication of whether to enable rating worksheet functionality on the page. This property appears only when the Execute ManuScript property is set to Calculate or Calculate and Accept . Include Debug Boolean value that specifies whether the page response should include rating debug information. Read-Only Content Indication of whether the page is read-only. This page-level property overrides the field-level Read Only property. Show Page Indication of whether the page should be visible. Enable Partial Refresh Indication of whether to enable partial refresh of fields, layouts, and buttons (custom actions) on the page. Annotations Annotations associated with the page. You can also add optional parameters to a page. Setting the Page Name Page Designer View The Page Name property specifies the name of the page as the user sees it. The value of this property is set in the Add Page dialog box when you create the page. To change the name of a page: Right-click the page. In the shortcut menu, click Rename . The Rename Item dialog box appears. Enter the new name for the page, and then click OK . The Page name changes in the Page Designer list and in the Page Name property. Setting the Page Version Page Designer View The Page Version property specifies the page version. The value of this property is set in the Add Page dialog box when you create the page. If you have defined the page version as version 1, you can convert the page to version 2. Pages cannot be converted from version 2 to version 1. To convert a page to version 2: On the Tools menu, click Page Converter . The Page Converter dialog box appears. Click Convert a single page , and then specify the PageSet and Page you wish to convert. Click Continue . A warning message appears. Select Yes, I understand , and then click Continue . In the success confirmation dialog, click OK . The Page version changes in the Page Version property. Setting the Page Caption Page Designer View The Caption property specifies the name of the page as the user sees it. To set the value of the Caption property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Caption . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Caption text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Execute ManuScript Property Page Designer View The Execute ManuScript property specifies whether the ManuScript calculates values before the page is displayed. To set the value of the Execute ManuScript property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Execute ManuScript . In the Execute ManuScript list, click the appropriate option: No — Do not execute the ManuScript. Calculate — Calculate the field specified as the primary value and display the result, but do not update the session. Calculate and Accept — Calculate the field specified as the primary value and display the result, and update the session. Executing a ManuScript often slows performance. Only execute when necessary. Setting the Include Worksheet Data Property Page Designer View The Include Worksheet Data property enables rating worksheet functionality on a page. The Include Worksheet Data property appears only when the Execute ManuScript property is set to Calculate or Calculate and Accept . To set the value of the Include Worksheet Data property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Include Worksheet Data . To the right of the Include Worksheet Data text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Include Debug Property Page Designer View The Include Debug property specifies whether the page response should include rating debug information. To set the value of the Include Debug property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Include Debug . In the Include Debug list, click Yes or No . Setting the Read-Only Content Property Page Designer View The Read-Only Content property specifies whether the page is read-only. This property overrides the field-level Read Only property. To set the value of the Read-Only Content property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Read-Only Content . To the right of the Read-Only Content text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Show Page Property Page Designer View The Show Page property specifies the condition under which the page should be visible. To set the value of the Show Page property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Show Page . To the right of the Show Page text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Enable Partial Refresh Property Page Designer View The Enable Partial Refresh property specifies whether to enable partial refresh of fields, layouts, and buttons (custom actions) on the page. To set the value of the Enable Partial Refresh property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Enable Partial Refresh . In the Enable Partial Refresh list, click True or False . Adding or Removing Optional Parameters Page Designer View To add an optional parameter: On the Definition tab, right-click the Properties area, and then click Add Parameter . The Add Extra Parameter dialog box appears. Enter the name of the parameter, and then click OK . On the line of the new parameter, specify a value, or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. To remove an optional parameter: Right-click the parameter, and then click Remove Parameter . Setting Page Annotations Page Designer View An annotation may be added to any field, page, or layout. Annotations can contain any text, but they are generally used to display descriptive information as help text for a product user interface. To set the value of the Annotations property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Annotations . The Annotation and Topics dialog box appears. Enter an annotation for the page, and then click OK . For more information, see Setting Field Annotations .