Page Groups Page Groups Save Section to .PDF Save Page to .PDF Page groups are groups in a ManuScript referenced by the page. You can add or remove page groups and define page group properties. Adding a Page Group Page Designer View You can add groups to pages, sections, or tables. When you create a page and assign a group to that page, the system automatically places a section under that group. When you add any other groups to a page, the system automatically places a table under the added group. To add a page group: Click the appropriate page, section, or table. Click the Add Group button . The Select Group Association dialog box appears. You can also: Press CTRL+G. Click the appropriate group, and then click OK . The system adds the group and a corresponding table. Define the properties for the group. Deleting a Page Group Page Designer View To delete a page group: Click the group you wish to delete. Click the Delete Item button . Click Yes to confirm the deletion. Defining Page Group Properties Page Designer View To define a page group, specify the following properties. Property Description Basic Group Group selected from the ManuScript. Maximum Iterations Maximum number of iterations that can be displayed at any one time on the page. Link Iterations Number of action links to display the page. Relational Field Specification of a related field (in a related group) to display for each iteration. (The value of the field specified should be the foreign key in the related group.) Include Deleted Indication of whether records marked for deletion should be included in processing. Restrict Where Specification of conditions under which records should not display. Restrict Xpath Specification of xpath restrictions. Iterations with the specified xpaths do not display. To enable searching through large schedules containing significant numbers of items, you can add an XPath function. For information about XPath functions, see XPath Functions . Order By Field by which to sort iterations. Advanced None Style None In addition to defining the above properties, you can also add actions to groups. For information on adding actions, see Actions . Setting the Group Property Page Designer View The Group property specifies the referenced ManuScript group. To set the value of the Group property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Group . In the Group list, click the appropriate group. Setting the Maximum Iterations Property Page Designer View The Maximum Iterations property identifies the maximum number of iterations that can be displayed at any one time on the page. To set the value of the Maximum Iterations property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Maximum Iterations . Enter the maximum number of iterations to display per page. An asterisk indicates an unlimited number of iterations. Setting the Link Iterations Property Page Designer View The Link Iterations property specifies the number of action links to display on the page. To set the value of the Link Iterations property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Link Iterations . Enter the number of action links to display. Setting the Relational Field Property Page Designer View The Relational Field property specifies a related field (in a related group) to display for each iteration. (The value of the field specified should be the foreign key in the related group.). To set the value of the Relational Field property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Relational Field . To the right of the Relational Field text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Include Deleted Property Page Designer View The Include Deleted property specifies whether records marked for deletion are included in processing. To set the value of the Include Deleted property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Include Deleted . In the Include Deleted list, click True or False . Setting the Restrict Where Property Page Designer View The Restrict Where property specifies conditions under which records should not display. To set the value of the Restrict Where property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Restrict Where . To the right of the Restrict Where text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Restrict Xpath Property Page Designer View The Restrict Xpath property specifies xpath restrictions. Iterations with the specified xpaths do not display. To set the value of the Restrict Xpath property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Restrict Xpath . To the right of the Restrict Xpath text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Order By Property Page Designer View The Order By property specifies the field by which to sort iterations. To set the value of the Order By property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Order By . To the right of the Order By text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field.