Merge Fields Merge Fields Save Page to .PDF Merge fields associate fields in a ManuScript with specific locations in a printable form. When the form is printed, data items stored in the associated fields are placed in the merge fields and printed within the document. Merge fields can contain text or images. If you already have a .doc or .pdf source document created, you define the merge fields in the document using the Merge Field grid. When mapping merge fields to a source document, you define the mapped fields at the form level rather than the sub-form level. When you load a sub-form, any merge fields in the .doc or .pdf document appear in the Merge Field grid. Mapping a Merge Field Forms Mapper View After loading a sub-form or adding a merge field to a sub-form, you must map each field to a corresponding ManuScript field. To map a merge field: Click the form. In the Merge Field grid, click the merge field. Click the Ellipsis button to the right of the Mapped Field text box. The Reference Select dialog box appears. Click the appropriate field, and then click OK . At runtime, public fields mapped to a merge field will pull data from the session document while private fields will calculate their value. Merge fields should be private fields. Because public fields are taken from the session data, they do not run the field rules assigned to them when the form is rendered. This helps improve performance, but it relies on information in the session data being accurate and ready to be printed. If desired, you can set public fields to recalculate at runtime. For information on setting this configuration, see the noRecalc parameter on the ManuScript.printFormsRq in the EXAMPLE Server® Object Reference or see Setting the Always Execute Property . Adding a Merge Field Forms Mapper View You can add a new merge field to the list of merge fields in the Merge Field grid. To add a merge field: On the Merge Field grid toolbar, click the Add Merge Field button . The Reference Select dialog box appears. You can also: • On the Edit menu, point to Merge Field , and then click Add Merge Field . • Press CTRL+M. Click the appropriate field, and then click OK . The Merge Field grid pre-fills the Merge Name and the Format if it is defined in the selected field. To update the sub-form preview after adding or changing a merge field, click Refresh Merge Fields . Adding a merge field to the Merge Field grid adds the merge field to the ManuScript. It does not add the merge field to the source document for the form. For the merge field to appear on the printed page, you must add the merge field to both the source document and the Merge Field grid. Deleting a Merge Field Forms Mapper View You can delete a merge field from a selected form. This does not remove the merge field from any source documents that use the field. To delete a merge field: Click the appropriate form. In the Merge Field grid, click the merge field. On the Merge Field grid toolbar, click the Remove Merge Field button . The Deletion Confirmation dialog box appears. You can also: • On the Edit menu, point to Merge Field , and then click Remove Merge Field . • Press CTRL+R. Click Yes to confirm the deletion, or click No to cancel. Duplicating a Merge Field Forms Mapper View You can duplicate a merge field so that the same data will appear in more than one place in the document. To duplicate a merge field: Click the appropriate form. In the Merge Field grid, click the merge field. On the Merge Field grid toolbar, click the Duplicate Merge Field button . The Duplicate Merge Field dialog box appears. You can also: • On the Edit menu, point to Merge Field , and then click Duplicate Merge Field . • Press CTRL+ALT+C. Enter the new name for the merge field, and then click OK . If you do not change the name of the merge field, nothing happens after you click OK . Forms Mapper will not support two merge fields with the same name. In addition, to make the same merge field print in more than one place on a form, you must duplicate the merge field in both the Merge Field grid and the source document. Moving a Merge Field Forms Mapper View You can move a merge field up or down in the Merge Field grid. This has no effect on the processing of fields and is for display purposes only. To move a merge field: Click the appropriate form. In the Merge Field grid, click the merge field you wish to move. Click the Move Up button or the Move Down button . You can also: • Press CTRL+U or CTRL+W. • On the Edit menu, point to Merge Field , and then click Move Merge Field Up or Move Merge Field Down . Sorting the Merge Grid Forms Mapper View You can sort the merge grid by column heading. This has no effect on the processing of fields and is for display purposes only. To sort the merge grid: Click the appropriate form. In the merge grid, click the Sort button next to the column heading by which you wish to sort. Clicking the Sort button disables the Move Up and Move Down buttons. (Optional) Click the Reset button to return the merge list to its original state. Using Reserved-Word Mapping When mapping fields to a form or sub-form, you can use reserved-word mapping to map information about the current print job to a merge field. The system generates this information at runtime. When using these reserved words, you do not have to enter a Mapped Field in the Merge Field grid. Instead, you simply use the reserved word as the Merge Field name. Setting Merge Field Properties Forms Mapper View After adding a form or sub-form or adding additional merge fields to a form or sub-form in Forms Mapper, you may need to set some or all of the merge field properties. To update the sub-form preview after changing merge field properties, click Refresh Merge Fields . Properties for merge fields include the following. Property Description/Action Merge Field Name of the merge field used in the source form. Should be a private field. Read Only Indicates the field is not editable. If all fields on a form are read-only, the edit option will not appear for the form in EXAMPLE Express ® . Required Indicates the field is required. Ignore In Compare Ignores this field when comparing versions of a form to determine whether it is necessary to reprint. Mapped Field ManuScript field from which the data is taken. If the merge field name is preceded by an img: prefix, this field's value must be a physical path (absolute or relative to the Forms directory) to an image. The size of the printed image will be the physical size of the image specified in the ManuScript field. Index Iteration number of the data for this merge field. Condition Boolean field in the ManuScript that determines when this merge field appears. Format Format in which the data should be returned. The selected format is applied to all instances of the selected field on the form. Value Values specified for a Format Mask, Coded List, or Calculated Mask option. Worksheet Options for displaying the merge field in a rating worksheet. Click to open the Worksheet Options dialog box. Options for the Format property include the following. Property Description None Applies no formatting. Format Mask Apply formatting based on the format mask specified in the Value property. The formatting rules are the same as those for Formatting Embedded Fields . Use this option if the format mask is not set in the ManuScript. Format Mask From Field Applies formatting based on the format mask specified in the field listed in the Value property. Use this option if the format mask is already set for the selected field. Coded List Selects a value from the list provided in the Value property. If no match is found for the value, then return the unformatted value. You may specify your own codes. Coded List From Field Selects a value from the list of options on the field listed in the Value property. If no match is found for the value, then return the unformatted value. Calculated Mask Uses the format mask that is the value of the field listed in the Value property. This format mask depends on a calculation. The field in the Value property must return a format mask. Adding a Coded List To add a Coded List : In the Format column of the Merge Field grid, click Coded List. In the Value column of the Merge Field grid, click the Ellipsis button . The Edit Coded List dialog box appears. Click Add Code . The Add Coded Option dialog box appears. Enter an appropriate value, and then click OK . The Add Coded Field Display dialog box appears. Enter the code name that relates to the value, and then click OK . The new item displays in the code list. Repeat steps 3 - 5 as appropriate. Click OK . The item appears in the Value column of the Merge Field grid.