Progress Bar Widgets Progress Bar Widgets Save Page to .PDF A progress bar widget is a graphical depiction of progress through a set of steps. Progress bar widgets can include both a graphical depiction and text description of progress. This widget's out-of-the-box appearance can be customized by customizing EXAMPLE Express ® skins. You can add and remove progress bar widgets, as well as define progress bar widget properties. Progress bar widgets can be nested within sections or tables. Adding a Progress Bar Widget Page Designer View To add a progress bar widget: Click the section or table under which to add a progress bar widget. On the Edit menu, click Advanced , and then click Add Progress Bar Widget . You can also: Right-click a section or table, click Advanced , and then click Add Progress Bar Widget . Deleting a Progress Bar Widget Page Designer View To delete a progress bar widget: Select the progress bar widget you wish to delete. Click the Delete button . In the Confirm dialog box, click Yes to confirm the deletion, or No to cancel. Defining Progress Bar Widget Properties Page Designer View To define a progress bar widget, specify the following properties. Property Description General Name Name of the progress bar widget. Data Message Text to display. If blank, text defaults to [x]% Completed during a process (were [x] equals the percentage completed), and Completed when the process is complete. Value Current percentage completed. This property must contain a decimal value between 0 and 1. If blank, the value defaults to 0. Display Show Condition Specification of when to display the progress bar widget. Width Width of the progress bar widget (in pixels), if different from the default width. The value of this property must be an integer. Progress Bar Style CSS styles to apply to the progress bar widget. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Setting the Name Property Page Designer View The Name property contains the name of the progress bar widget. This name appears on the progress bar widget in the Page Designer list. To set the value of the Name property: Click the progress bar widget. On the Definition tab, click Name . Enter the progress bar widget name. Setting the Message Property Page Designer View The Message property contains the text to display for the progress bar widget. If blank, the text defaults to [x]% Completed during a process (were [x] equals the percentage completed), and Completed when the process is complete. To set the value of the Message property: Click the progress bar widget. On the Definition tab, click Message . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Message text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Value Property Page Designer View The Value property specifies the current percentage completed. This property must contain a decimal value between 0 and 1. If blank, the value defaults to 0 . To set the value of the Value property: Click the progress bar widget. On the Definition tab, click Value . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Value text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Show Condition Property Page Designer View The Show Condition property specifies when to show the progress bar widget. To set the value of the Show Condition property: Click the progress bar widget. On the Definition tab, click Show Condition . To the right of the Show Condition text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Width Property Page Designer View The Width property specifies the width of the progress bar widget (in pixels), if different from the default width. The value of this property must be an integer. To set the value of the Width property: Click the progress bar widget. On the Definition tab, click Width . Enter the desired width, in pixels. Setting the Progress Bar Style Property Page Designer View The Progress Bar Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to the progress bar widget. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Progress Bar Style property: Click the progress bar widget. On the Definition tab, click Progress Bar Style . To the right of the Progress Bar Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles.