Forms Forms Save Page to .PDF To produce a form in Forms Mapper, you must first create a form that specifies the ManuScript group used to populate that form and specifies properties for that form. You then add sub-forms to the main form. Sub-forms are the .doc or .pdf files that display the ManuScript data when the form is printed. Adding a Form Forms Mapper View To add a form: Click the Add Form button . The Add New Form dialog box appears. You can also: • On the Edit menu, point to Form , and then click Add Form . • Right-click the Forms list, and then click Add Form . • Press CTRL+A. Enter the form name, and then click OK . The Select Primary Group dialog box appears . Click the public group whose iterations cause the form to be generated, and then click OK . For more information on adding groups, see Adding a Group . Deleting a Form Forms Mapper View To delete a form: Click the form to delete. Click the Delete Form button . The Deletion Confirmation dialog box appears. You can also: • On the Edit menu, point to Form , and then click Delete Form . • Right-click the form you wish to delete, and then click Delete Form . • Press CTRL+D. Click Yes to confirm the deletion, or No to cancel. Renaming a Form Forms Mapper View To rename a form: Click the form to rename. On the Edit menu, point to Form , and then click Rename Form . The Rename Selected Form dialog box appears. You can also: Right-click the form, and then click Rename Form . Enter the new name for the form, and then click OK . Duplicating a Form Forms Mapper View When you duplicate a form, you also duplicate all its sub-forms. To duplicate a form: Click the form to duplicate. On the Edit menu, point to Form , and then click Duplicate Form . The Duplicate Form dialog box appears. You can also: Right-click the form, and then click Duplicate Form . Enter the name for the duplicate form. Click OK . Importing a Form Forms Mapper View You can import forms from other ManuScripts. To import a form from another ManuScript: On the File menu, click Import . The Import Wizard dialog box appears. Click Catalog . The ManuScript Catalog dialog box appears. Click the ManuScript from which to import, and then click Load . In the What to import list, click Import Forms , and then click Next . The forms in the selected ManuScript are displayed in the Select the item(s) to import list. Click the forms to import. You can multi-select using CTRL+click or SHIFT+click . Click Next . The elements to be imported are listed. Any items selected in the previous display that already exist in the current ManuScript are not selected for importing. You can clear any element you do not wish to import by clearing the check box. You can force the importation of an element you already have in the current ManuScript by selecting the appropriate check box or by clicking the Mark all items button . Click Finish . All selected items are imported into the ManuScript. Adding Multiple Documents Forms Mapper View In Forms Mapper, you can add multiple documents to the Forms list simultaneously. Each document added becomes its own form. Forms Mapper automatically names each form with the original document's title, removing any spaces in the original name. To add multiple forms: On the Edit menu, point to Form , and then click Add Multiple Documents . The Select Files to Insert dialog box appears. Browse to and then click the documents to add. You can multi-select using CTRL+click or SHIFT+click . Click Open . The Select Primary Group dialog box appears. Click the group to be associated with each of the documents being added. You can select the Apply selection to all check box to use the same group for all selected documents. Click OK . Setting Print Conditions Forms Mapper View You can define a ManuScript field that determines whether a given form or sub-form prints. To define a form or sub-form print condition: Click the form or sub-form. To the right of the Use this form when text box, click the Ellipsis button . The Reference Select dialog box appears. Click an appropriate boolean field, and then click OK . Adding Watermarks and Stamps Forms Mapper View When creating forms in Forms Mapper, you can add watermarks and stamps to form pages. While watermarks appear beneath the printed text on a page to signify the authenticity of a document, stamps appear on top of the printed text to serve as an official stamp of approval, validity, or certification. Watermarks and stamps are only supported in .pdf output files. To add a watermark or stamp: On the Edit menu, point to Form , then click Form Properties . The Form Properties dialog box appears. Click the Watermark/Stamp tab. Click the Add button . In the Item column, click Watermark or Stamp . In the Type column, click Text or Image . In the Position column, click the position of the watermark or stamp. If Custom is selected: a. In the X column, enter the X coordinate for the horizontal placement of the watermark or stamp. The coordinate X = 0 is the upper left hand corner of the page. b. In the Y column, enter the Y coordinate for the vertical placement of the watermark or stamp. The coordinate Y = 0 is the upper left hand corner of the page. In the Content column, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference, or specify a value. The value must be an absolute path to the Forms Directory. In the Pages column, enter the pages on which to place watermarks or stamps. Enter an asterisk (*) to print on all pages or enter a range of pages (0-5). Page count begins with 0 instead of 1. In the Orientation column, specify the desired orientation. If the Type is Text: In the Font column, click the desired font style. In the Size column, click the desired font size. In the Color column, click the desired font color. Setting Form Properties Forms Mapper View After you add a form in Forms Mapper, you can change the way it looks and when it is generated by modifying the form properties. To open the Form Properties dialog box: Click the appropriate form. On the Edit menu, point to Form , and then click Form Properties . You can also: Right-click the form, and then click Form Properties . The Form Properties dialog box contains two tabs: Standard Properties Watermark/Stamp Standard Properties Tab The Standard Properties tab includes the following settings. Property Description Caption Enter text for the caption of this form. Caption Override Click the Ellipsis button to select a field. The value of this field will override the Caption property at runtime. Category Enter the category for the form. This category can be useful when sorting forms. Print Default Indicates whether the default print status for the form should be mandatory, selected, unselected, or conditional. Selected — Causes the form to default to selected in the Print Job Preview screen. UnSelected — Causes the form to default to unselected in the Print Job Preview screen. Mandatory — Causes the form to be selected and uneditable in the Print Job Preview screen. A user cannot clear the form from printing. Conditional — Determines whether the form is selected, unselected, or mandatory according to a field in the ManuScript defined by the Default Condition . Bin # Specifies the paper bin to which you wish your printer to print the forms. Duplex and non-duplex printers for each bin are specified in EXAMPLE Form Print. Duplex Print Specifies whether to send the form to the printer set up for duplex printing or the printer set up for single-sided printing. Print Once Specifies whether to print the form every time or only once. Default Condition Click the Ellipsis button to select a field that determines the print status of the form. The field must contain a string value of Selected , UnSelected , or Mandatory . This option is available only when the Print Default is set to Conditional. Form List Click the Ellipsis button to select a field that defines an optional second list of forms to generate. Page Set Specifies the PageSet containing the page used to define the view that appears when a user edits a form from the Print Job Preview screen. Click Associate Page View to open the Associate Page View dialog box to select the PageSet and Page. Click Clear Page View to return to the default PageSet. Page Specifies the page used to define the view that appears when a user edits a form from the Print Job Preview screen. Click Associate Page View to open the Associate Page View dialog box to select the PageSet and Page. Click Clear Page View to return to the default PageSet. Watermark/Stamp Tab Watermarks and stamps are only supported in .pdf output files. The Watermark/Stamp tab contains the following properties. Property Description Add Adds a watermark or stamp. Remove Removes a watermark or stamp from the list. Item Specifies the item to add. Options are watermark or stamp. Type Specifies the type of watermark or stamp. Options are Text or Image. Position Specifies the position for the watermark or stamp. X Enters the numerical value for the X coordinate. This option is available only if the position is Custom. The X = 0 coordinate is at the upper left hand corner of the screen. Y Enters the numerical value for the Y coordinate. This option is available only if the position is Custom. The Y = 0 coordinate is at the upper left hand corner of the screen. Content Enters the path to the content of the watermark or stamp. Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference, or specify a value. The path must be an absolute path to the Forms Directory. Pages Specifies the pages on which to place watermarks and stamps. Enter an asterisk (*) to print on all pages, or enter a range of pages (0-5). Page count begins with 0 instead of 1. Orientation Specifies the orientation of the watermark or stamp. This option is available only when the Type is Text. Font Specifies the font. This option is available only if the Type is Text. Size Specifies the font size. This option is available only if the Type is Text. Color Specifies the font color. This option is available only if the Type is Text.