Message Viewer Message Viewer Save Page to .PDF You use the Message Viewer to display all messages used within the ManuScript in an editable list. You can also use the Message Editor to create new messages and associate them with properties. To open the Message Viewer: On the Tools menu, click Message Viewer . Message Viewer Buttons The Message Viewer toolbar contains the following buttons. Button Name Action Insert Field Inserts a field. Insert Formatted Field Inserts a formatted field. Set Context Sets or modifies the context for selected text. Remove Context Removes the context for selected text. Viewing Messages The Message Viewer dialog box displays messages accumulated during the execution of the ManuScript. The display includes the following items associated with the message: Reference Item or group name Flag Category Message Text Defining Messages Add messages to fields by associating them with properties. You can define messages associated with the Default , Maximum , Minimum , and Miscellaneous Rules properties. To define a new message: On the Tools menu, click Message Viewer . The Message Viewer dialog box appears. Enter the message into the Field Message text box. (Optional) Select a Flag for the message. A flag can identify the message as: comment refer ineligible fail (Optional) Select a Category for the message. A category can identify the message as: (message) Attachment ErrorCode Click OK . Inserting a Field into an Annotation or Message Add fields to the text of annotations or messages to display the value of the field or the caption of the field at execution. Changing the value or caption of the field changes the value or caption in the annotation or message. To insert a field in an annotation or message: In the Annotation or Message dialog box, click the Insert Field button . The Reference Select dialog box appears. Click the field to insert, and then click OK . Inserting a Formatted Field into an Annotation or Message To insert a formatted field in an annotation or message: On the Tools menu, click Message Viewer . The Message Viewer dialog box appears. In the Annotation or Message dialog box, click the Insert Formatted Field button . The Insert Format Field dialog box appears. Click Current field value (~$self~) or Selected Field . If you click Selected Field , enter the field name. Enter a field name or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Click the type of formatting in the Format Specification . The options are: No formatting Caption of field Numeric format Date format Custom format If you click Numeric format , Date format , or Custom format , click the format type in the associated list. Click OK . Formatting Embedded Fields You can embed fields into message text. A message can contain any number of embedded fields. The mark-up for the text uses the tilde (~) character to indicate the name of the field to be replaced at runtime with its value. You can also use an optional formatting string to control the presentation of the data within the message. There are three types of format syntax: numeric, date, and character. The first character of the format indicates the type of formatting. Numeric format — is indicated by a first character of # or 0. Date formatting — is indicated by a first character of d, m or y. Character formatting — is indicated by any other first character. Numeric Formatting Options Numeric formatting options for embedded fields include the following. Character Description 0 or # If the value being formatted has a digit in the position where 0 or # appears in the format string, then that digit is copied to the output string. Otherwise, a 0 (zero) is stored in that position in the output string. ? If the value being formatted has a digit in the position where the ? appears in the format string, then that digit is copied to the output string. Otherwise, nothing is stored in that position in the output string. . The first PERIOD character in the format string determines the location of the decimal separator in the formatted value. Any additional PERIOD characters are ignored. , If the format string contains one or more COMMA characters, the output has thousand separators inserted between each group of three digits to the left of the decimal point. The placement and number of COMMA characters in the format string does not affect the output, except to indicate that thousand separators are used. E+ If any of the strings E+, E-, e+, or e- are contained in the format string, the number is formatted using scientific notation. A group of up to four 0 characters can immediately follow the E+, E-, e+, or e- to determine the minimum number of digits in the exponent. The E+ and e+ formats cause a plus sign to be output for positive exponents and a minus sign to be output for negative exponents. The E- and e- formats output a sign character only for negative exponents. xx/"xx" Characters enclosed in single or double quotes are output as-is, and do not affect formatting. ; The semicolon (;) character separates sections for positive, negative, and zero numbers in the format string. Other numeric format guidelines include the following: The locations of the leftmost 0 before the decimal point in the format string and the right-most 0 after the decimal point in the format string determine the required range of digits that are present in the output string. The number being formatted is rounded to as many decimal places as there are digit placeholders (0 or #) to the right of the decimal point. If the format string contains no decimal point, the value being formatted is rounded to the nearest whole number. If the number being formatted has more digits to the left of the decimal separator than there are digit placeholders to the left of the PERIOD character in the format string, the extra digits are output before the first digit placeholder. To allow different formats for positive, negative, and zero values, the format string can contain between one and three sections separated by semicolons. Number of Sections Values Affected One section The format string applies to all values. Two sections The first section applies to positive values and zeros, and the second section applies to negative values. Three sections The first section applies to positive values, the second applies to negative values, and the third applies to zeros. If the section for negative values or the section for zero values is empty, that is if there is nothing between the semicolons that delimit the section, the format for positive values is used instead. If the section for positive values is empty, or if the entire format string is empty, the value is formatted using general floating-point formatting with 15 significant digits. General floating-point formatting is also used if the value has more than 18 digits to the left of the decimal point and the format string does not specify scientific notation. The following table shows some sample formats and the results produced when the formats are applied to different values. Format String Formatted Data 1234 -1234 0.5 0 0 1234 -1234 1 0 #.## or 0.00 1234.00 -1234.00 0.50 0.00 ?.?? 1234 -1234 .5 ?,??0.00 1,234.00 -1,234.00 0.50 0.00 ?,??0.00;(?,??0.00) 1,234.00 (1,234.00) 0.50 0.00 0.000E+00 1.234E+03 -1.234E+03 5.000E-01 0.000E+00 ?.???E-0 1.234E3 -1.234E3 5E-1 0E0 Character Formatting Options Character formatting begins with the at sign (@) character. The edit mask string immediately follows the at sign (@) character, and consists of three fields separated by semicolons: The first part of the mask is the mask itself. The second part is the character that determines whether the literal characters of the mask are matched to characters in the Value parameter or are inserted into the Value string. The third part of the mask is the character used to represent missing characters in the mask. The following table contains the special characters used in the first field of the mask. Character Meaning in mask ! If an exclamation point (!) character appears in the mask, optional characters are represented in the returned string as leading blanks. If an exclamation point (!) character is not present, optional characters are represented in the returned string as trailing blanks. > If a greater than (>) character appears in the mask, all characters that follow are in uppercase until the end of the mask or until a greater than (<) character is encountered. < If a less than (<) character appears in the mask, all characters that follow are in lower-case until the end of the mask or until a less than (>) character is encountered. <> If the less than and greater than (<>) characters appear together in a mask, no case checking is done and the data is formatted with the case present in the Value parameter. \ The character that follows a forward slash (\) character is a literal character. Use this character before any of the special mask characters used as a literal. L The L character requires an alphabetic character in this position. For the US, this is A-Z, a-z. A The A character requires an alphanumeric character in this position. For the US, this is A-Z, a-z, 0-9. a The a character permits an alphanumeric character in this position, but does not require it. C The C character requires an arbitrary character in this position. c The c character permits an arbitrary character in this position, but does not require it. 0 The zero (0) character requires a numeric character in this position. 9 The nine (9) character permits a numeric character in this position, but does not require it. # The pound (#) character permits a numeric character or a plus or minus sign in this position, but does not require it. : The colon (:) character is used to separate hours, minutes, and seconds in times. If the character that separates hours, minutes, and seconds is different in the regional settings of the Control Panel, that character is substituted in the returned string. / The forwardslash (/) character is used to separate months, days, and years in dates. If the character that separates months, days, and years is different in the regional settings of the Control Panel, that character is substituted in the returned string. ; The semicolon (;) character is used to separate the three fields of the mask. _ The underscore (_) character automatically inserts spaces into the returned string. Any character that does not appear in the preceding table can appear in the first part of the mask as a literal character. Literal characters are inserted automatically if the second field of the mask is 0, or matched to characters in the Value parameter if the second field is any other value. The special mask characters can also appear as literal characters if preceded by a backslash character (\). The second field of the mask is a single character that indicates whether literal characters from the mask are included in the Value parameter. For instance, the mask for a telephone number with area code could be:(000)_000-0000;0. The 0 in the second field indicates that the Value parameter should consist of the 10 digits of the phone number, rather than the 14 characters that make up the final formatted string. A 0 in the second field indicates that literals are inserted into the Value string. Any other character indicates that they should be matched to characters in the Value parameter. The character to indicate whether literals should be included can be changed by changing the MaskNoSave typed constant that is declared in the Mask unit. The third field of the mask is the character that appears in the returned string for blanks (characters that do not appear in Value). By default, this is the same as the character that stands for literal spaces. The two characters appear the same in the returned string. Adding a Context to an Annotation or Message To add a context to an annotation or message: In the Annotations or Message dialog box, highlight the text to either hide or show when the ManuScript is viewed under a certain context. Click the Set Context button to open the Context Details dialog box. The text appears in the Text box of the Context Details dialog. Click the appropriate contexts in the Show Only with this context or Hide when this context lists. You can click the Select All button to select all the contexts or the Clear All button to clear all the context selections. (Optional) Click the Ellipsis button to the right of Show Only when condition is valid , and then click the appropriate boolean field. Click OK . The color of the selected text changes. You can set context colors in the Preferences tab of the Options dialog box. Removing a Context from an Annotation or Message To remove a context from an annotation or message: In the Annotations or Message dialog box, highlight the text from which you wish to remove contexts. Click the Remove Context button . The color of the selected text changes and the context is removed. You can set context colors in the Preferences tab of the Options dialog box. Editing Messages You can use the Message Viewer to enter new messages. You can also edit existing messages in the Message Editor. To edit a message: Open the Message Viewer. Click the message in the list. The Field Message text box displays the message text. Make any changes to the message. You can change the text, flag, or category. Click Update or OK . If you click Update , the message changes are saved and the Message Viewer remains open. If you click OK , the message changes are saved and the Message Viewer closes. Adding an Existing Message to a Field To add an existing message to a field property: Click the field. Expand the appropriate property: Default , Maximum , or Minimum . Click the Ellipsis button to the right of the Message property to open the Message Editor dialog box. Click Use Existing Message . The Message Editor expands to list the existing messages. Click the message to use, or enter a new message. (Optional) Edit the selected message. If you edit an existing message, the message text changes for all fields linked to that message. Click OK . Removing a Field from a Message To remove a message from a linked field: On the Tools menu, click Message Viewer . The Message Viewer dialog box appears. In the list of messages used in the ManuScript, click the message. Click Remove Field . The Select Field to Remove dialog box appears. Click the field to remove from the message. Click OK . The selected field is no longer linked to the message. Removing a Link to a Message for a Field To remove a link to a message for a field: Click the field. Expand the appropriate property. Click the Ellipsis button to the right of the Message property to open the Message Editor dialog box. Click Unlink . The selected field is no longer linked to the message. Deleting a Message for All Linked Fields To delete a message for all linked fields: On the Tools menu, click Message Viewer . Click the message from the list of messages already used in the ManuScript. Click Delete Message . This action deletes the message for all fields previously linked to it. These fields no longer contain a message. Click OK .