Iterator Iterator Save Page to .PDF With an Iterator value type, the returned value is based on the iterations of a group in the ManuScript. The value can be the sum of iterative fields, the minimum or maximum value of an iterative field, the number of iterations in a group, or the current iteration of a group. The Iterator type loops through the group based on the number of iterations in the data document. Every field in the ManuScript has an answer specific to the iterations of its public parent group. When a group is iterated, each field under it has a unique value within the ManuScript. The Iterator type allows those unique values to be summed, compared, or counted. When the Process Subtotals within iterations check box is selected, the Subtotal definition grid appears. The iterator itself runs normally, but as the group is processed, the additional fields defined in the Subtotal definition grid calculate as well. Each line in the Subtotal definition grid acts similarly to a Sum/Accumulator field. During the iteration of a given group, each occurrence of the Field in Iteration is added to the value of the Subtotal Field , assuming the optional Condition is met. Defining an Iterator Value Fields View To define an Iterator value: In the dropdown list for the appropriate property, click Iterator . In the Iterate through list, click the appropriate iteration option: all iterations all other iterations to check all the iterations except the current one the first iteration the last iteration In the of the group list, click the group to iterate. The options are all public groups in the ManuScript. In the to find the list, click the activity to perform on each iteration. The options are: sum to add all values of the specified field. minimum to return the lowest value in all iterations. maximum to return the highest value in all iterations. count to return the number of iterations. current iteration to return the value of the active iteration. Specify the fields upon which to act. Click Add . In the Reference Select dialog box, click the field. The selected field should be within the specified group. (Optional) Add any remaining fields. (Optional) Use the arrow buttons to change the order of the fields. (Optional) Select the Include Deleted check box to include those items marked for deletion. (Optional) Select the Restrict to iterations where check box and specify the conditions to restrict the interactions involved in the looping. (Optional) Select the Advanced Query check box and specify a custom query to make during the iteration. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. (Optional) Select the Order the iterations by check box, and specify the fields with the order for each. In the Field column, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. In the Order list, click Ascending or Descending . Defining Subtotals in Iterator Fields Fields View Each line in the Subtotal definition pane defines a subtotal to calculate. Any field defined in the Field in Iteration column must be a part of the iteration defined by the Iterator field. To define Subtotals within an iteration: Select the Process Subtotals within iterations check box. The Subtotal definition pane appears. To the right of Field in Iteration , click the ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to choose which field to subtotal. To the right of Subtotal Field , click the ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to choose the field which will hold the value of the calculated subtotal. (Optional) To the right of Condition , click the ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to choose a boolean field that determines whether or not an iteration is added to the subtotal.