Build Schema and Data File Wizard Build Schema and Data File Wizard Save Page to .PDF Build Schema and Data File builds an XML schema or data file for the current ManuScript. The schema defines the elements that appear within the ManuScript and the attributes that can be associated with elements. It also defines the structure of the ManuScript which includes: Elements that are child elements of others The sequence in which the child elements can appear The number of child elements Whether an element is empty or can include text Default values for attributes The data file is an XML representation of the data stored in the current ManuScript. You can build a schema file, a data file, or both for the current ManuScript. Building a Schema File To build a schema file: On the Tools menu, click Build Schema . The Build Schema and Data File dialog box appears. Select the Build a schema to file listed below check box. (Optional) Select the Append to an existing schema check box. (Optional) Select the Generate XSD Schemas check box. Default is XDR schema. Enter the path and file name in the file name text box, or click the Ellipsis button to browse to an appropriate file. Click Save . Building a Data File To build a data file: On the Tools menu, click Build Schema . The Build Schema and Data File dialog box appears. Select the Build EXAMPLE data file listed below check box. In the Data File text box, enter a path and file name, or click the Ellipses button to browse to an appropriate file. Click the ManuScripts to use to build the schema and then click Next . You can add ManuScripts from the Catalog and can change the order of ManuScripts. The Group Selection page appears. Do one of the following: Select the Publish group according to Manuscript settings check box,and then click Next. Select the Publish only selected groups (override ManuScript settings) check box, and then click Next . In the Data Mart Attributes section, assign the shredding attributes for the Session, Messages, Message and Properties. Click Set/Edit to enter the following attributes: Primary Key Column Related Table Parent Foreign Key Table Name The Private Fields page appears. (Optional) Select the Add private fields as elements in schema check box, and then click Next . Select the Add maximum length s to string nodes check box. After you have named the files and locations for those files, you can change the settings, if desired. Publish groups according to ManuScript settings — Select to use ManuScript settings. If selected, tabs appear for Session, Properties, Messages, and Message settings. Session — Specifies the parameters for shredding the session data to the database. Messages — Specifies the shredding parameters to shred the messages data to the database. Message — Specifies the shredding parameters to shred the message data to the database. Properties — Specifies the shredding parameters to shred the ManuScript properties data to the database. Add Private Fields — Select to include the private fields in the output. The default is to include the private fields. Add Max Lengths — Select to add maximum lengths to the string nodes. Click OK . The files are generated and stored where specified. Configuring Foreign Key Reduction As of EXAMPLE Platform ® 4.2.0, EXAMPLE Server ® allows you to configure the shredding process to use a modified storage mechanism for foreign keys. Prior to EXAMPLE Platform ® 4.2.0, each time a common Xpath expression was added to multiple places in the group hierarchy in a ManuScript, a new foreign key was added to the corresponding table in the shredded database. As of EXAMPLE Platform ® 4.2.0, multiple foreign keys in a single table can be consolidated into two columns: One containing the unique value found in the primary key of the parent table One representing the name of the parent table This action will affect the structure of your operational database. To configure Foreign Key Reduction: On the Tools menu, click Build Schema . The Build Schema and Data File dialog box appears. Select the Build a schema to file listed below check box. Select the Append to an existing schema check box. In the Schema File text box, browse to the location of the appropriate file, and then select it. Click the Manage Foreign Key Reduction button on the right side of the Build Schema and Data File dialog box. The Manage Foreign Key Reduction dialog box appears. Select the check box for the name of each table where foreign key reduction should be used. Click OK to close the Manage Foreign Key Reduction dialog. Click OK to save the updated schema and close the Build Schema and Data File dialog.