Setting Field Options Setting Field Options Save Page to .PDF Fields View With the Options property, you can define the valid choices for a field. To set the Options property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, in the Options list, click (defined) . In the Option Definition pane, click one of the following options in the T ype list: Standard options Key in a table Reference list Data Service Request ODBC data source (Optional) Select the Combine check box if you wish to make the value in the response be a combination of the value and the caption. Complete the Definition pane for the option type. Setting Options: Standard Fields View When you set Standard Options, you specify a list of options to be used for the field. To set standard options: In the Type list of the Option Definition pane, click Standard Options . In Value column, enter the option values to be used by the ManuScript. A Float or Int data type value must use the decimal and thousands separator appropriate to the culture defined in the ManuScript properties. In the Caption column, edit the captions to be seen by the user. (Optional) In the corresponding Valid Indicator column, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field that indicates whether or not this option should be displayed for the user. Setting Options: Key in a Table Fields View To set options based on keys in a table: In the Type list of the Option Definition pane, click Key in a table . In the Table list, click the appropriate table. In the Key list, click the table key to use. The values for the selected key are included in the grid. When setting options based on table keys, captions match the values and cannot be modified. Setting Options: Reference List Fields View To set options based on a field reference: In the Type list of the Option Definition pane, click Reference list . Click one of the following options: The value for each option is the ID of the group The value for each option is the value of field . (Optional) Click Include deleted to include groups marked for deletion. Do one of the following: If the value is the ID of the group, click the group in the list. If value is the value of the field, click the Ellipsis button to select the field from the Reference Select dialog box. (Optional) Select a field reference for The caption for each option is the value of field . (Optional) Select a field reference for Enter a validation reference . This field is used to restrict the option list. (Optional) Select a field reference for Enter a sort reference . This field is used to sort the option list. Setting Options: Data Service Fields View The data key is the primary key that is used to lookup the data set information. The last data key used to look up the Data Services is the final ID of the data key. The data set is the information that is found using a data key. A data set requires a data key. To set options based on data services: In the Type list of the Option Definition pane, click Data Service . In the Data Service list, click one of the following options: dataSet dataKey Set the data set or data key options. Setting Data Key Options To set data key options: (Optional) If the Data Service data key is the last reference, select the ID is value check box. Click View Catalog, and then click the data services from the Data Key Catalog dialog box. You can also: Enter the name of the Catalog in quotation marks in Data Name , or use a field to determine the Catalog by clicking the Ellipsis button to select the field using the Reference Select dialog box. In the Parameter Name list, enter the required parameter name. If you purchased Data Services from Duck Creek Technologies, Inc., the parameters are provided to you. In the corresponding Value list, click the Ellipsis button to select the value to pass into the parameters using the Reference Select dialog box. Setting Data Set Options To set data set options: In the Code list, enter the code for the Data Set . Setting the data set by using the Default allows you to create a list box for the user to override the data set by choosing the data set from the list. You can also: Create a table and a lookup field to determine the codes by setting the lookup as the default for the field to allow the user to override the data set. Setting Options: Request Fields View To set options based on a Request command: In the Type list of the Option Definition pane, click Request . In the Request Command list, click the appropriate command. Click Request Parameters and specify any request parameters in the Name Value Definitions dialog box. Enter the Response path to indicate which elements within the response contain the information to be displayed within the option list. You can also: Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Enter the Value item to specify the attribute within the element indicated in the response path that provides the values to be associated with each item in the option list. You can also: Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Enter the Caption item to specify the attribute or element within the element indicated in the response path that provides the text displayed in the option list during an interview. You can also: Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Setting Options: ODBC Data Source Fields View To set options based on an ODBC data source: In the Type list of the Option Definition pane, click ODBC data source . Enter the Connection . The connection is the name of the ODBC. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Enter the Query/View . The query or view is the name of the field or view that contains the query to be displayed within the option list. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Enter the Value item . The value item is the name of a column or field that contains the items that provide the values to be associated with each item in the option list. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Enter the Caption item . The caption item is the name of a column or field that contains the text displayed in the option list during the interview. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. (Optional) Limit the items within the options list Click Restrict to iterations where Click CB . Build a conditional statement to limit the items within the options list. For more information, see Conditional . (Optional) Order the iterations within the options list. Click Order the iterations by . In the Field column, enter the field by which to order. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. In the Order column, click Descending or Ascending . Option Sets You can use Option Sets to create multiple option lists for a single field. The option list to be used is determined by a boolean field that represents the set. The first boolean field evaluated as true causes the associated option list to be used. If none of the chosen fields are true, the default option list is used. Adding an Option Set Fields View To add an option set: In the Options Definition pane, click Add set . The Reference Select dialog box appears. Click the field that determines whether the option set should be used. (Optional) Define the option list to be used if the field is evaluated as true. Deleting an Option Set Fields View To delete an option set: In the Options set list, click an option set. Click Delete Set . Inserting Options Fields View To insert an option: In the Options set list, click the line below the insertion point. Click Add Option . Set the option. Deleting Options Fields View To delete an option: In the Options Definition pane, click the option. Click Delete Option . Moving Options Fields View To move an option in the list: In the Options Definition pane, click the option. Click the Move Up button or the Move Down button to move the option. Setting a Default Option Fields View To set a default option for a field: In the Options definition pane, click the appropriate Value . Click Set Default . A confirmation dialog box appears. Click OK .