Sub-forms Sub-forms Save Page to .PDF A sub-form is a document or portion of a document that becomes part of a form. Sub-forms are either .doc (usually created in Microsoft Word) or .pdf documents that contain merge fields to which you can map specific ManuScript fields. A form can use one .pdf sub-form or one or more .doc sub-forms in its printing process. You can use sub-forms in Forms Mapper if you have purchased a license for EXAMPLE Forms™. Adding a Sub-form Forms Mapper View To add a sub-form: In the Forms list, click the form you wish to contain the sub-form. Click the Add Sub-Form button . The Select Files to Insert dialog box appears. You can also: • On the Edit menu, point to Sub-Form , and then click Add Sub-Form(s) . • Right-click the appropriate form, and then click Add Sub-Form(s) . • Press CTRL+ALT+A. Browse to the appropriate folder, if necessary. Click the appropriate documents, and then click Open . .Doc documents appear in the preview as they were saved. You can edit source documents in Forms Mapper if they are .doc documents, but you cannot edit source documents in Forms Mapper if they are .pdf documents. Any merge fields in the document will be automatically listed in the Merge Fields grid, but only the merge field names will be listed. You must set the other merge field properties. Deleting a Sub-form Forms Mapper View You can delete a sub-form in Forms Mapper. To delete a sub-form: Click the sub-form to delete. Click the Delete Sub-Form button . The Deletion Confirmation dialog box appears. You can also: • On the Edit menu, point to Sub-Form , and then click Delete Sub-Form . • Right-click the sub-form, and then click Delete Sub-Form . • Press CTRL+ALT+D. Click Yes to confirm the deletion, or click No to cancel. Resetting Sub-form Paths Forms Mapper View If a sub-form path is blank or points to the wrong location, you can reset the path to that sub-form. To reset a sub-form path: Right-click the sub-form you wish to modify. Click Reset Sub-Form Path . The Reset Sub-Form Path dialog box appears. You can also: On the Edit menu, point to Sub-Form , and then click Reset Sub-Form Path . Enter the relative path to the sub-form, and then click OK . Setting Print Conditions Forms Mapper View You can define a ManuScript field that determines whether a given form or sub-form prints. To define a form or sub-form print condition: Click the form or sub-form. To the right of the Use this form when text box, click the Ellipsis button . The Reference Select dialog box appears. Click an appropriate boolean field, and then click OK . Editing a .Doc Sub-form Forms Mapper View You can open and edit .doc sub-forms from Forms Mapper. To edit a .doc sub-form: Click the sub-form. On the Edit menu, point to Sub-Form and then click Edit Sub-Form . The document opens in Microsoft Word. You can also: Right-click the sub-form, and then click Edit Sub-Form . Edit and then save the document. You cannot edit .pdf sub-forms from Forms Mapper.