Getting Started Getting Started Save Page to .PDF EXAMPLE Author ® defines all features of an insurance product: rates, rules, algorithms, documentation, screen flow, and policy transactions. In EXAMPLE Author ® , you create, edit, and test ManuScripts, XML files used to describe products, and define how those products process the rules and values of data. The EXAMPLE Author ® User Interface The EXAMPLE Author ® application is divided into several main views: Fields – Defines fields, groups, and their relationships. Tables – Defines data tables. Page Designer – Creates and edits input screens. Data Tester – Tests the execution of the ManuScript and creates and edits data documents associated with the active ManuScript. Forms Mapper – Creates and edits forms. Logging in to EXAMPLE Author ® You use the Login dialog to identify yourself as the user and to select an EXAMPLE Server ® connection. To login to EXAMPLE Author ® : On the Windows Start menu, in the All Programs list, point to Duck Creek Technologies , point to Author , and then click Author . The Login dialog box appears. If you are already in EXAMPLE Author ® and wish to change your server or user name, on the File menu, click Login User/Server . Enter your user name. In the Server list, click the appropriate EXAMPLE Server ® , or click (work locally) to work in standalone mode. Enter your password. Click OK . The Open/New ManuScript dialog box appears. Working in Enterprise Mode You use Enterprise Mode when you work on a ManuScript stored on an EXAMPLE Server ® . You can also work in Enterprise Mode locally by setting up your local installation as an EXAMPLE Server ® . If you log in to an EXAMPLE Server ® , you are automatically placed in Enterprise Mode. When you work in Enterprise Mode: You are prompted to confirm any change you make. If revision tracking has been enabled, you must enter a comment about your changes. Setting Directories Options Click the Directories tab in the Options dialog box to define where the Catalog and schema files reside for local usage of EXAMPLE Author ® . The directories, except the EnterpriseFormsRootPath, are pre-set during installation. They can be modified for custom use. You can modify the directory file locations for the following files: Catalog — Location of ManuScript and data files Catalogs and directories. Debug — Location of the .tsv debug folder. Forms — Location of forms for the preview (Enterprise mode). This is the initial search point for forms. The path should be where the form files are created by default. Preview — .Xsl files that define the preview. Schema — Location of data schemas. You can click Restore Default Catalogs to return the settings to the defaults. Login Dialog Box You use the Login dialog to identify yourself as the user and to select an EXAMPLE Server ® connection. You can also work locally with single user access to a local instance of the EXAMPLE Server ® components on the local machine. Item Action Enter user name Enter your user name for the appropriate server. Server Click the appropriate server in the list. You maintain the list of available servers on the Servers tab of the Options dialog box within EXAMPLE Author ® . Enter password Enter the password for your entered user name. EXAMPLE Author ® Toolbar The EXAMPLE Author ® toolbar contains the following buttons. Button Name Action New ManuScript (CTRL+N) Opens the Open/New ManuScript dialog box to create a new ManuScript. Open ManuScript (CTRL+O) Opens the ManuScript Catalog dialog box to open an existing ManuScript. Save ManuScript (CTRL+S) Saves an existing ManuScript to its current location. Print (CTRL+P) Opens the Report/Print Options dialog box to print an existing or new report. Validate Opens the Validator pane. Fields View Opens the Fields view. Tables View Opens the Tables view. Data Tester Opens the Data Tester. Page Designer Opens the Page Designer. Forms Mapper Opens the Forms Mapper. Automatically Update Changes Saves all changes as they are made, rather than asking to confirm each. (Local mode only.) Additional toolbar buttons are available within the different views. The EXAMPLE Author ® toolbar also contains the Versions list. This list displays all versions of the active ManuScript and all ManuScripts it inherits. Clicking a ManuScript in the list opens that ManuScript in EXAMPLE Author ® for editing. Keyboard Shortcuts Use the following keyboard shortcuts to control EXAMPLE Author ® . Key Combination Action F1 Opens the Help Contents dialog box. F3 Finds the next occurrence of the previously entered text. F5 Refreshes the view. F7 Opens the Search Viewer. Double-click the name of a field, table, or other item to go to the item. F8 Opens the Constant Viewer dialog box. Double-click the name of a field, table, or other item to go to the item. CTRL+C Copies the selected text to the clipboard. CTRL+F Opens the Search dialog box to enter text to find. CTRL+N Opens the Open/New ManuScript dialog box to create a new ManuScript. CTRL+O Opens the ManuScript Catalog dialog box to open an existing ManuScript. CTRL+P Opens the Report/Print Options dialog box to print an existing or new report. CTRL+S Saves an existing ManuScript to its current location. CTRL+U Opens the Usage dialog box to list the items that use the selected field. To go to a field, click Go to . CTRL+V Pastes the text from the clipboard. CTRL+X Cuts the selected text to the clipboard. CTRL+Z Undo the last action performed. CTRL+TAB Switches between views. CTRL+ALT+D Moves the selected item down in the list. CTRL+ALT+L Moves the selected item left in the list. (Promote) CTRL+ALT+R Moves the selected item right in the list. (Demote) CTRL+ALT+U Moves the selected item up in the list. SHIFT+ENTER Inserts a line break. Additional keyboard shortcuts apply to specific views and the associated menus. Reference Select You use the Reference Select dialog box in many instances in EXAMPLE Author ® to define field references or constant values. The Ellipsis button generally opens the Reference Select dialog. To define a constant value: In the Reference Select dialog, click Value . In the Value text box, enter the appropriate value. Click OK . You may also use the Code Select dialog box to choose a value defined in the option list of a field. For more information, see Defining a Constant Value Using Selected Codes . To define a field reference: In the Reference Select dialog, click Field Reference . In the list of fields, click the appropriate field. Click OK . The Reference Select toolbar contains the following buttons and check boxes. Button Name Action Add Field (CTRL+A) Opens the New Field dialog box to create a new field or group. Delete Field Deletes the selected field or group. Refresh List Refreshes the fields list. Find (CTRL+F) Opens the Search dialog box to enter text to find. Find Next (F3) Finds the next occurrence of the previously entered text. Duplicate Opens the Duplicate Item dialog box to duplicate the selected field or group. Back (CTRL+B) Returns to last selected field or group. Public Select this check box to display public fields and groups. Private Select this check box to display private fields and groups. Local Only Select this check box to display only those fields and groups defined in the local ManuScript, hiding inherited items. Worksheet Select this check box to display only fields included in the rating worksheet. Searching for Items You can find items in lists within the Fields, Data Tester, and Forms Mapper views. To find an item: Click the Find button . The Search dialog box appears. You can also: • Press CTRL+F. • On the Edit menu, click Find . Enter the text to find. Click OK . If there is more than one instance of the text, click the Find Next button to find the next instance. You can also: • Press F3. • On the Edit menu, click Find Next . Inserting Line Breaks You can insert line breaks in text fields in EXAMPLE Author ® . To insert a line break: Press SHIFT+ENTER. Security in EXAMPLE Author ® Security in EXAMPLE Author ® relies on the roles and privileges assigned through EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ to restrict user access. EXAMPLE Author ® is shipped with the System Administrator role assigned, which has no restrictions. For more information about the security provided through EXAMPLE UserAdmin™, see the EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ Overview or the EXAMPLE UserAdmin™ User Guide .