Pages Pages Save Section to .PDF Save Page to .PDF You can add or remove pages, convert pages from version 1 to version 2, and define page properties. Adding a Page Page Designer View To add a version 2 page: Click the PageSet under which to add a page. Click the Add Page button . The Add Page dialog box appears. In the Page Version list, click 2.0 . (Optional) If the page is a meta page, select the Meta Page check box. Meta pages are processed after other Page Designer pages. Enter the name of the new page. The <header> option valid for version 1 pages is not valid for version 2 pages. To create a header page in version 2 pages, select the Meta Page check box for the desired page (Step 4, above), and then define the Position property for the page as desired. (Optional) Select the Referenced Page check box. To the right of the ManuScript text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. The ManuScript defaults to the current ManuScript. Select the appropriate PageSet and Page : If the ManuScript is the current ManuScript — Click the PageSet and page to reference. If the ManuScript is specified — Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field containing the name of the PageSet and page to reference. Click OK . The Select Group Association dialog box appears. Click the group to use for the page, and then click OK . The system adds the group and a corresponding section. Deleting a Page Page Designer View To delete a page: Click the page you wish to delete. Click the Delete button . In the Confirm dialog box, click Yes to confirm the deletion or No to cancel. Converting a Page For instructions on converting a page from Version 1 to Version 2, see Converting a Page (from Version 1) . Defining Page Properties Page Designer View To define a page, specify the following properties. Property Description Basic Page Name Name of the page. Page Version Version of the page. ManuScript Reference (referenced pages only) Specification of the ManuScript containing the referenced page. (If blank, this property defaults to the current ManuScript.) Page Set Reference (referenced pages only) Specification of the PageSet containing the referenced page. Page Reference (referenced pages only) Specification of the referenced page. Caption Name of the page as the user sees it. Position (meta pages only) Specification of where the meta page content should appear. This property appears only for pages designated as meta pages. Show Page Indication of whether the page should be visible. Read-Only Content Indication of whether the page is read-only. This page-level property overrides the field-level Read Only property. Execute ManuScript Indication of whether the ManuScript calculates values before the page is displayed. Options are: No — Do not execute the ManuScript. Calculate — Calculate the field specified as the primary value and display the result, but do not update the session. Calculate and Accept — Calculate the field specified as the primary value and display the result, and update the session. Execute Field Indication of the field to execute. This property appears only when the Execute Manuscript property is set to Calculate or Calculate and Accept . Allow Calculation Boolean value that specifies whether or not to run Calculate or Calculate and Accept for a specified field. This property appears only when Execute Manuscript is set to Calculate or Calculate and Accept . Include Worksheet Data Indication of whether to enable rating worksheet functionality on the page. This property appears only when the Execute ManuScript property is set to Calculate or Calculate and Accept . Include Debug Boolean value that specifies whether the page response should include rating debug information. Advanced Hide Header Indication of whether the meta page should display on this page. Hide Annotations Indication of whether annotation links should display on this page. Show Rating Messages Indication of whether rating messages should display on this page. Display As Popup Indication of whether to display the page as a pop-up, with the appropriate buttons and pop-up window elements. Navigation Class Indication of the navigation class to associate with the page. The referenced field must return one of the following values: Complete — All required fields on the page are complete. Incomplete — Required fields on the page are not complete. Caution — All required fields on the page are complete, but verification is recommended before proceeding. Depending upon skin customizations, other values may be valid for this property. Hover Help Indication to display annotations when the cursor hovers over a field instead of linking the field caption to the annotation. Next Button Caption Caption to replace "Next" on the Next button. Entering "" prevents the button from displaying. Next Button Type Type of custom button to be used for the Next button. If left blank, the green Avant Garde button type will be used. The Next Button Type property must be set for each page whose Next button you wish to customize. Previous Button Caption Caption to replace "Previous" on the Previous button. Entering "" prevents the button from displaying. Previous Button Type Type of custom button to be used for the Previous button. If left blank, the green Avant Garde button type will be used. The Previous Button Type property must be set for each page whose Previous button you wish to customize. Style Page Style CSS styles to apply to the page content. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. You can also add annotations to pages. Setting the Page Name Page Designer View The Page Name property specifies the name of the page as the user sees it. The value of this property is set in the Add Page dialog box when you create the page. To change the name of a page: Right-click the page. In the shortcut menu, click Rename . The Rename Item dialog box appears. Enter the new name for the page, and then click OK . The Page name changes in the Page Designer list and in the Page Name property. Setting the Page Version The Page Version property specifies the page version. The value of this property is set in the Add Page dialog box when you create the page. If you have defined the page version as version 1, you can convert the page to version 2. Pages cannot be converted from version 2 to version 1. To convert a page to version 2: On the Tools menu, click Page Converter . The Page Converter dialog box appears. Click Convert a single page , and then specify the PageSet and Page you wish to convert. Click Continue . A warning message appears. Select Yes, I understand , and then click Continue . In the success confirmation dialog, click OK . The Page version changes in the Page Version property. Setting the ManuScript Reference Property (Referenced Pages) Page Designer View The ManuScript Reference property appears only for referenced pages. The ManuScript Reference property specifies the ManuScript containing the page to reference. If blank, this property defaults to the current ManuScript. The value of this property is set in the Add Page dialog box when you create the page. To change the ManuScript Reference property: Click the referenced page. On the Definition tab, click ManuScript Reference . To the right of the ManuScript Reference text box, click the Ellipsis button to open the Edit Reference Page dialog and change the ManuScript , PageSet , or Page . Setting the Page Set Reference Property (Referenced Pages) Page Designer View The Page Set Reference property appears only for referenced pages. The Page Set Reference property specifies the PageSet containing the page to reference. The value of this property is set in the Add Page dialog box when you create the page. To change the Page Set Reference property: Click the referenced page. On the Definition tab, click Page Set Reference . To the right of the Page Set Reference text box, click the Ellipsis button to open the Edit Reference Page dialog and change the ManuScript , PageSet , or Page . Setting the Page Reference Property (Referenced Pages) Page Designer View The Page Reference property appears only for referenced pages. The Page Reference property specifies the page to reference. The value of this property is set in the Add Page dialog box when you create the page. To change the Page Reference property: Click the referenced page. On the Definition tab, click Page Reference . To the right of the Page Reference text box, click the Ellipsis button to open the Edit Reference Page dialog and change the ManuScript , PageSet , or Page . Setting the Page Caption Page Designer View The Caption property specifies the name of the page as the user sees it. To set the value of the Caption property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Caption . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Caption text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Position Property (Meta Pages) Page Designer View The Position property appears only for pages designated as meta pages. The Position property specifies where the meta page content should appear on other pages in the PageSet. To set the value of the Position property: Click the meta page. On the Definition tab, click Position . In the Position list, click the desired option: Header Footer Left Panel Right Panel Setting the Show Page Property Page Designer View The Show Page property specifies the condition under which the page should be visible. To set the value of the Show Page property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Show Page . To the right of the Show Page text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Read-Only Content Property Page Designer View The Read-Only Content property specifies whether the page is read-only. This property overrides the field-level Read Only property. To set the value of the Read-Only Content property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Read-Only Content . To the right of the Read-Only Content text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Execute ManuScript Property Page Designer View The Execute ManuScript property specifies whether the ManuScript calculates values before the page is displayed. To set the value of the Execute ManuScript property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Execute ManuScript . In the Execute ManuScript list, click the appropriate option: No — Do not execute the ManuScript. Calculate — Calculate the field specified as the primary value and display the result, but do not update the session. Calculate and Accept — Calculate the field specified as the primary value and display the result, and update the session. Executing a ManuScript often slows performance. Only execute when necessary. Setting the Include Worksheet Data Property Page Designer View The Include Worksheet Data property enables rating worksheet functionality on a page. The Include Worksheet Data property appears only when the Execute ManuScript property is set to Calculate or Calculate and Accept . To set the value of the Include Worksheet Data property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Include Worksheet Data . To the right of the Include Worksheet Data text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Include Debug Property Page Designer View The Include Debug property specifies whether the page response should include rating debug information. To set the value of the Include Debug property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Include Debug . In the Include Debug list, click Yes or No . Setting the Hide Header Property Page Designer View The Hide Header property specifies whether the meta page should display on the page. To set the value of the Hide Header property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Hide Header . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Hide Header text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Hide Annotations Property Page Designer View The Hide Annotations property specifies whether annotation links should display on the page. To set the value of the Hide Annotations property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Hide Annotations . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Hide Annotations text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Show Rating Messages Property Page Designer View The Show Rating Messages property specifies whether rating messages should display on the page. To set the value of the Show Rating Messages property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Show Rating Messages . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Show Rating Messages text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Display As Popup Property Page Designer View The Display As Popup property specifies whether to display the page as a pop-up, with the appropriate buttons and pop-up window elements.. To set the value of the Display As Popup property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Display As Popup . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Display As Popup text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Navigation Class Property Page Designer View The Navigation Class property specifies rules to determine the navigation class to associate with the page. To set the value of the Navigation Class property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Navigation Class . To the right of the Navigation Class text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. The referenced field must return one of the following values: Complete — All required fields on the page are complete. Incomplete — Required fields on the page are not complete. Caution — All required fields on the page are complete, but verification is recommended before proceeding. Depending upon skin customizations, other values may be valid for this property. Setting the Hover Help Property Page Designer View The Hover Help property specifies whether to display annotations when the cursor hovers over a field instead of linking the field caption to the annotation. To set the value of the Hover Help property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Hover Help . In the Hover Help list, click Yes or No . Setting the Next Button Caption Property Page Designer View The Next Button Caption property specifies the text to replace "Next" on the Next button. Entering "" prevents the button from displaying. To set the value of the Next Button Caption property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Next Button Caption . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Next Button Caption text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Next Button Type Property Page Designer View The Next Button Type property sets the type of custom button to be used for the Next button. If left blank, the green Avant Garde button type will be used. The Next Button Type property must be set for each page whose Next button you wish to customize. To set the value of the Next Button Type property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Next Button Type . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Next Button Type text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. New button types can be designed using the globalButton.psd file and then defined in the buttons.css file. You can also change the Next button type globally by changing the NextButtonDefaultType configuration setting in the skin.config file. Setting the Previous Button Caption Property Page Designer View The Previous Button Caption property specifies the text to replace "Previous" on the Previous button. Entering "" prevents the button from displaying. To set the value of the Previous Button Caption property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Previous Button Caption . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Previous Button Caption text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Previous Button Type Property Page Designer View The Previous Button Type property sets the type of custom button to be used for the Previous button. If left blank, the green Avant Garde button type will be used. The Previous Button Type property must be set for each page whose Previous button you wish to customize. To set the value of the Previous Button Type property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Previous Button Type . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Previous Button Type text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. New button types can be designed using the globalButton.psd file and then defined in the buttons.css file. You can also change the Previous button type globally by changing the PreviousButtonDefaultType configuration setting in the skin.config file. Setting the Page Style Property Page Designer View The Page Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to the page content. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Page Style property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Page Style . To the right of the Page Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles. Setting Page Annotations Page Designer View An annotation may be added to any field, page, section, table, or grid widget. Annotations can contain any text, but they are generally used to display descriptive information as help text for a product user interface. To set the value of the Annotations property: Click the page. On the Definition tab, click Annotations . The Annotation and Topics dialog box appears. Enter an annotation for the page, and then click OK . For more information, see Setting Field Annotations .