Creating and Modifying Fields and Groups Creating and Modifying Fields and Groups Save Page to .PDF In the Fields view, you can add, delete, move, edit, and duplicate fields and groups. Adding a Group Fields View A group is an organizational tool that helps hold and organize all fields within a ManuScript. Every ManuScript must start with a root group to hold all information in that ManuScript. Every group is a child of another group unless it is the root group of the ManuScript. Group names can contain only alphanumeric characters, and the first character cannot be a number. To add a group: On the Edit menu, click Add Group . The Add New Group dialog box appears with a tree diagram of the groups and fields in the ManuScript. You can also: • Press CTRL+G. • Right-click the Fields list, and then click Add Group . In New Group Name , enter the name of the new group. Click Public or Private to specify the visibility of the group. For more information, see Visibility . The root group of a ManuScript must be public. Other groups may be either public or private. Private groups are an organizational tool to help group fields together within the ManuScript. In the Create Group as child of list, click the group that is to be the parent for the new group. If you select a group before adding a new group, the selected group is highlighted in the Group as child of list. (Optional) Click Path to open the Path Selector dialog box to choose a path from the ManuScript schema. Click OK . If you added the group from the New Field dialog box, click OK . Adding a Field Fields View Fields contain the rules, calculations, and values that define a product. To add a field: Click the Add Field button . The Add New Field dialog box appears. You can also: • On the Edit menu, click Add Field . • Press CTRL+A. • Right-click the Fields list, and then click Add Field . Enter a Name for the field. If you need more than one word to name the field, use a capital letter to begin each word with no spaces between words. Move the cursor to another field. (Optional) Select the Prepend group name to field check box. When you select this option, the group name is added to the field name so you can use the same name for fields in different groups. (Optional) For the group name to be included as part of the caption for the field, select the Use group name in Caption default check box. Click Public or Private to define field visibility. For more information, see Visibility . (Optional) In Caption , enter a caption for the field. In the Value list, click the value type. For more information, see Defining Property Value Types . In the Data Type list, click the data type. The available data types include boolean , date , datetime , float , int , string , and time . For more information, see Setting Field Data Types . In the Create in list, click the group in which the field is to be created. If you select a group before adding a field, Create in defaults to the selected group. (Optional) Click Path to open the Path Selector dialog box to choose a path from the ManuScript schema. Click OK . Deleting a Field or Group Fields View To delete a field or group: Click the field or group to be deleted, and then click the Delete button . You can also: • On the Edit menu, click Delete Field/Group . • Right-click the field, and then click Delete Field/Group . In the Confirm Delete dialog box, click OK . Moving Fields and Groups Fields View To move a field or group to a different group: Click the field or group. On the Edit menu, click Move . The Move Field to Group dialog box appears with a list of the groups and fields in the ManuScript. You can also: Right-click the field or group, and then click Move . Click the group to which the field or group should move. Click OK . Duplicating a Group Fields View To duplicate a group: Click the group. Click the Duplicate button . You can also: • On the Edit menu, click Duplicate . • Right-click the group, and then click Duplicate . In the Duplicate Item dialog box, enter the Name of the duplicate group. (Optional) If appropriate, select the Change Path Elements check box. If this option is selected, the data path for the new group is changed to reflect the new name. If cleared, the data path for the new group is duplicated from the original group. Click OK . When you duplicate a group, all the fields and groups within that group are duplicated. (Optional) In any Duplicate Sub-Group dialog box that appears, change the sub-group name, and then click OK . Duplicating a Field Fields View To duplicate a field: Click the field. Click the Duplicate button . You can also: • On the Edit menu, click Duplicate . • Right-click the field and then click Duplicate . In the Duplicate Item dialog box, enter the Name of the duplicate field. (Optional) If appropriate, select the Prepend group name to field check box. If this option is selected, the group name, followed by a period, appears before the field name. (Optional) If appropriate, select the Change Path Elements check box. If this option is selected, the data path for the new field is changed to reflect the new name. If cleared, the data path for the new field is duplicated from the original field. Click OK . Renaming Fields and Groups Fields View To rename a field or group: Click the field or group. On the Edit menu, click Rename . You can also: Right-click the field or group and then click Rename . The Rename Item dialog box appears. In the Name text box, enter the new name for the field or group. (Optional) Select the Prepend group name to field check box to all the appropriate group name, followed by a period, to the new field name. (Optional) Select the Change path elements check box to change the field or group path to reflect the new name. Click OK . Importing Fields and Groups Fields View To import fields or groups into a ManuScript: On the File menu, click Import . The Import Wizard dialog box appears. Click Catalog . The ManuScript Catalog dialog box appears. Click the ManuScript from which to import, and then click Load . Click Import Fields/Groups , and then click Next . The groups and fields in the selected ManuScript are displayed in the Select the item(s) to import list. Click the groups and fields to import. You can multi-select using CTRL+click and SHIFT+click. If you select a group, you automatically select all fields and groups contained within it. Click Next . The elements to be imported are listed. Any items you selected in the previous display that already exist in the ManuScript are not selected for importing. The list includes any tables that the fields reference. You can clear any element you do not want to import by clearing the check box. You can force the importation of an element you already have in the current ManuScript by selecting the appropriate check box or by clicking the Mark all items button . Click Finish . All selected items are imported into the ManuScript. Data Mart Attributes You can set data mart attributes to shred data in both fields and groups. Setting Group Shredding Attributes Fields View To set shredding attributes for a group: Click the group. Only public groups may be shredded. On the Edit menu, click Data Mart Attributes . The Data Mart Attributes dialog box appears. Define the appropriate Attributes. Data Mart Attributes for a group include some or all of the following properties. Property Description Exclude from Schema Select to exclude this group from the schema. pkeyColumn Name of the primary key within the foreign table referenced by the ID field. parentTable Name of the table referenced by the ID field. parentForeignKey New name for the foreign key of the parent table. tableName Name for the database table. By default, the name is taken from the group name path. relationship Indication of whether the group is involved in a many-to-many relationship or a single relationship. Setting Field Shredding Attributes Fields View To set shredding attributes for a field: Click the field. Only public fields may be shredded. On the Edit menu, click Data Mart Attributes . The Data Mart Attributes dialog box appears. Define the appropriate Attributes. Data Mart Attributes for a field include some or all of the following properties. Property Description Exclude from Schema Select to exclude this field from the schema. fkeyColumn Name of the foreign key column that references the related table. fIDTable Name of the table referenced by the ID field. fkeyTable Name of the foreign table that contains the database lookup value. pkeyColumn Name of the primary key within the foreign table referenced by the ID field.