XPath Functions XPath Functions Save Page to .PDF To allow users to search through large schedules containing significant numbers of items, XPath functions can be added to the Restrict XPath property in Pages View in EXAMPLE Author ® . The following table lists the XPath functions available, the parameters that may be used with each of them, and the result each one produces. Function Parameters Returns dcfn:contains(haystack, needle) haystack (string) – Item to be searched. needle (string) – Item to search for. True if needle is found in haystack; otherwise returns false . Comparison is not case-sensitive. dcfn:starts-with(haystack, needle) haystack (string) – Item to be searched. needle (string) – Item to search for. True if haystack starts with needle; otherwise returns false . Comparison is not case-sensitive. dcfn:string-compare(string1, string2) dcfn:string-compare(string1, string2, culture) dcfn:string-compare(string1, string2, culture, case) string1, string2 (string) – Two strings to compare culture (string) – A culture string (for example, en-US). If this parameter is not specified or is an empty string, the invariant culture is used. case (string) – String used to specify whether a comparison should be case-sensitive or not (i=case-sensitive, u=not case-sensitive). If this parameter is not specified or is an empty string, the comparison will not be case-sensitive. Less than 0 if string1 is less than string2. Zero if string1 is equal to string2 Greater than 0 if string1 is greater than string2. dcfn:xml-decode(target) target (string) – A string that may contain one or more XML escape sequences. Target with XML escape sequences converted to the actual special characters (for example, "dcfn:xml-decode('O&apos;Mally')" returns "O'mally"). dcfn:xml-encode(target) target (string) – A string that may contain one or more special characters. Target with XML special characters converted to the escape sequences (for example, "dfcn:xml-encode('a "better" way')" "returns "a &quot;better&quot; way"). The following special characters are available for the dcfn:xml-decode and dcfn:xml-encode functions. Escape Sequence Special Character &apos; ' &quot; " &lt; < &gt; > All XPath parameter functions must be true strings (for example, dcfn:xml-decode(@name) will not work). Instead, the function must be converted to a string (for example, dcfn:xml-decode(string(@name))).