Page Fields Page Fields Save Page to .PDF You can add or remove page fields and define page field properties. Adding a New Page Field Page Designer View To add a page field: Click the appropriate layout. Click the Insert Field button . The Reference Select dialog box appears. You can also: Press CTRL+A. Click the field, and then click OK . Define the properties for the field. Deleting a Page Field Page Designer View To delete a page field: Select the field you wish to delete from the page. Click the Delete button . Defining Page Field Properties Page Designer View To define a page field, you specify the following properties. Property Description Caption Override Caption to override the field caption on the rendered page. Compute Value Indication of whether to compute the field when it is displayed. Refresh Page on Change Indication of whether to reload the page when the field changes. When Selected Fields (NO dependencies) or Selected Fields (FULL dependencies) is selected, the Fields Refreshed on Change property also appears. Worksheet Options Options for displaying the field in a rating worksheet. You can also add optional parameters to a page field. Setting the Caption Override Property Page Designer View The Caption Override property specifies a caption to override the caption of the field. To set the value of the Caption Override property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Caption Override . Enter the caption. Setting the Compute Value Property Page Designer View The Compute Value property indicates whether to compute the field when it is displayed. To set the value of the Compute Value property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Compute Value . In the Compute Value list, click False or True . Setting the Refresh Page on Change Property Page Designer View The Refresh Page on Change property indicates whether to reload the page when the field changes. To set the value of the Refresh Page on Change property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Refresh Page on Change . In the Refresh Page on Change list, click False , True , Selected Fields (FULL dependencies) , or Selected Fields (NO dependencies) . If you click Selected Fields (FULL dependencies) , or Selected Fields (NO dependencies) , the Fields Refreshed on Change property appears. Setting the Fields Refreshed on Change Property Page Designer View The Fields Refreshed on Change property indicates which fields to update in the browser when the field changes. This property is only available if the value of the Refresh Page on Change property is Selected Fields (NO dependencies) or Selected Fields (FULL dependencies) . To set the value of the Refresh Page on Change property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Fields Refreshed on Change . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference, or specify a value. Adding or Removing Optional Parameters Page Designer View To add an optional parameter: On the Definition tab, right-click the Properties area, and then click Add Parameter . The Add Extra Parameter dialog box appears. Enter the name of the parameter, and then click OK . On the line of the new parameter, specify a value, or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. To remove an optional parameter: Right-click the parameter, and then click Remove Parameter .