The Data File Catalog The Data File Catalog Save Page to .PDF Data Tester View The Data File Catalog is an XML file that contains pointers and other attributes that specify the system location of the data files that you created directly, linked, or imported into the Catalog. To open the Data File Catalog: Click the Open Data File button . You can also: On the Edit menu, click Open Data . The Datafile Catalog dialog box appears. From this point, you can perform a variety of tasks including: Linking a Data File into the Catalog Importing a Data File into the Catalog Exporting a Data File Removing a Data File from the Catalog Catalog Buttons and Keyboard Shortcuts Use the following keyboard shortcuts and buttons to control a Manuscript Catalog: Button Name Action Link Links a file to this Catalog item. Import Imports a file into this Catalog. Export Exports a copy of selected item to file. Remove Removes selected item from Catalog. Properties View properties of the selected item. Dependencies View dependencies for selected item. (Available only in the ManuScript Catalog) New Version Makes a new version of the selected item. (Available only in the ManuScript Catalog) Duplicate Saves as (duplicates) the selected item. This item is not linked to the original item. Columns Switches between showing all columns and showing default columns. Catalog Keys The default and required Catalog keys are lob (line of business) and state . For organizational purposes, you can further subdivide ManuScripts or data files by adding additional keys. You do this in the Catalog dialog box. You can also remove keys you have added. Adding Catalog Keys Catalog keys help to organize your files. The default keys are lob (Line of Business) and state . To add a catalog key: In the Catalog dialog box, click Add Key . The New Key Name dialog box appears. Enter the new key name, and then click OK . Deleting Catalog Keys The default keys, lob (line of business) and state cannot be removed, but additional keys you have created can be deleted. To delete a Catalog key: In the Catalog dialog box, click the key to delete. Click Delete Key . The Confirm dialog box appears. Click Yes to delete the key, or No to cancel. Filtering the Catalog Keys are useful for filtering a Catalog to display only applicable items. To filter a Catalog: For each Key Name , click the appropriate Restriction in the drop-down list. The list of items now shows only those files that match the key value you chose. You can filter by any combination of key values. Data Files Data files contain the simulated input used to test ManuScripts in Data Tester. Creating a New Data File Data Tester View Data Tester works by using data stored in data files. To create a new data file: Click the Create New Data File button . You can also: On the Edit menu, click New Data . Opening an Existing Data File Data Tester View To open an existing data file: Click the Open Data File button . You can also: On the Edit menu, click Open Data . The Datafile Catalog dialog box appears. Click the data file to load, and then click OK . Opening a Session File Data Tester View You may wish to open a session file directly from an EXAMPLE Server ® . This loads session properties as well as session data, ensuring a complete and accurate rating. To load a session file: On the Edit menu, click the Load Session File . The Session Select dialog box appears. Click the session file to load, and then click OK . Saving a Data File Data Tester View To save an existing data file: Click the Save Data File button . You can also: On the Edit menu, click Save Data . To save an existing data file with a new file name: On the Edit menu, click Save Data As . The Data File Catalog Detail dialog box appears. Enter the Description . The default and required Catalog keys are lob (Line of Business) and state . You can further subdivide the data files for organizational purposes by adding additional keys. Click the data file to save, and then click OK . To save a new data file: Click the Save Data File button . You can also: On the Edit menu, click Save Data or Save Data As . The Data File Catalog Detail dialog box appears. Enter the Description . The default and required Catalog keys are lob (Line of Business) and state . You can further subdivide the data files for organizational purposes by adding additional keys. Click the data file to save, and then click OK . Linking a Data File Data Tester View A link to a Data File is similar to a shortcut icon on your desktop. Selecting the link opens the Data File from its original location. To store a copy of the Data File reside in the Data File Catalog directory, you must import the item. To link a Data File into the Catalog: Click the Open Data File button . You can also: On the Edit menu, click Open Data . The Data File Catalog dialog box appears. In the Data File Catalog dialog box, click the Link button . The Link Data File dialog box appears. Browse to and then click the Data File. Click Open . Importing a Data File Data Tester View Importing a Data File copies the file into both the Catalog and the appropriate directory, as defined by the selected keys. To import a Data File into the Catalog: Click the Open Data File button . You can also: On the Edit menu, click Open Data . The Data File Catalog Dialog box appears. In the Data File Catalog dialog box, click the Import button . The Import Data File dialog box appears. Browse to and then click the Data File. (Optional) Select the Open as read-only check box to prohibit changes to the Data File. Click Open . Exporting a Data File Data Tester View You can export a Data File to copy the file from the Catalog directory to the directory of your choice. To export a Data File: Click the Open Data File button . You can also: On the Edit menu, click Open Data . The Data File Catalog dialog box appears. In the Data File Catalog dialog box, click the item to export. Click the Export button . The Export Data File dialog box appears. Click the appropriate directory. Enter a name for the file in the File name text box, and then click OK . Removing a Data File Data Tester View You can remove a Data File from the Catalog two different ways: If the file is linked into the Catalog, remove the link to the file. If the file is imported or is one that was created in the Catalog structure, delete the actual file from the Catalog and from the folder on the computer. To determine if the file is linked or imported, check the Source in the Data File Catalog Detail dialog box. If it is stored somewhere besides the Catalog path, it is a linked file. Click the Open Data File button . You can also: On the Edit menu, click Open Data . The Data File Catalog dialog box appears. In the Data File Catalog dialog box, click the file to remove. Click the Delete button . In the Confirm dialog box, click Yes to confirm the removal or No to cancel.