Editing Tables Editing Tables Save Page to .PDF Tables can be deleted or duplicated. The data in a table can be entered, inserted, or deleted. The method of data entry can be completed first down and then across, or first across and then down. Deleting a Table Tables View To delete a table: In the Tables list, click the appropriate table. Click the Delete Table button . You can also: • Right-click the table name, and then click Delete Table . • On the Edit menu, click Delete Table . In the Confirm dialog box, click Yes to confirm the deletion or No to cancel. Duplicating a Table Tables View To duplicate a table: In the Tables list, click the table. On the Edit menu, click Duplicate Table . You can also: Right-click the table name, and then click Duplicate table . The Table Properties dialog box opens. Enter a new Name for the duplicate table, and then click OK . Changing the Data Entry Method Tables View When you enter data into a table cell and press ENTER, the cursor moves to the next cell down or across based on the selected data entry method. You can enter data in tables in two different directions: Down then across Across then down To change the date entry method for a table: In the Tables list, click the table . Click the first cell in the table. Click the Enter Down button or the Enter Across button to define the data entry method. Inserting Data Records Tables View To insert a data record in a table: Click the table in the list. Click a table cell. Click the Insert Record button . The new cell is empty and the current values are moved down in the table. If the table is full, the bottom value is lost. Deleting Data Records Tables View To delete a data record in a table: Click the appropriate table cell. Click the Remove Record button . The current values are moved up in the table and the last value is blank. Modifying Data in Tables Tables View The data in tables can be modified manually through data entry or can be modified by a factor or percentage by using the Modify Data dialog box. To modify data using the Modify Data dialog: Click the name of the table. On the Edit menu, point to Data and then click Modify Data . Click Modify values by factor or Modify values by percent . Specify the factor or percentage. To specify the factor, click Divide by or Multiply by and enter the appropriate number. To specify the percentage, click Increase by or Decrease by and enter the appropriate number. In the Apply Changes to list, click all cells , the active cell , or selected cells . (Optional)To round the results, click the appropriate Round type. For more information, see Calculation Rounding Options . Click OK .