Accordion Widgets Accordion Widgets Save Page to .PDF An accordion widget is a collection of collapsed sections stacked in a vertical unit. While each section may expand and collapse, only one section may be expanded at a time. You can add and remove accordion widgets, as well as define accordion widget properties. Accordion widgets can be nested within sections or tables. Adding an Accordion Widget Page Designer View To add an accordion widget: Click the section or table under which to add an accordion widget. On the Edit menu, click Advanced , and then click Add Accordion Widget . You can also: Right-click a section or table, click Advanced , and then click Add Accordion Widget . Deleting an Accordion Widget Page Designer View To delete an accordion widget: Select the accordion widget you wish to delete. Click the Delete button . In the Confirm dialog box, click Yes to confirm the deletion, or No to cancel. Defining Accordion Widget Properties Page Designer View Property Description General Name Name of the accordion widget. Display Accordion Caption Text to display on the accordion widget title bar. Show Condition Specification of when to display the accordion widget. Height Height of the accordion widget (in pixels), if different from the default height. The value of this property must be an integer. Width Width of the accordion widget (in pixels), if different from the default width. The value of this property must be an integer. Accordion Style CSS styles to apply to the accordion widget. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Setting the Name Property Page Designer View The Name property contains the name of the accordion widget. This name appears on the accordion widget in the Page Designer list. To set the value of the Name property: Click the accordion widget. On the Definition tab, click Name . Enter the accordion widget name. Setting the Accordion Caption Property Page Designer View The Accordion Caption property contains the text to display on the accordion widget title bar. To set the value of the Accordion Caption property: Click the accordion widget. On the Definition tab, click Accordion Caption . Enter the accordion widget caption. Setting the Show Condition Property Page Designer View The Show Condition property specifies when to show the accordion widget. To set the value of the Show Condition property: Click the accordion widget. On the Definition tab, click Show Condition . To the right of the Show Condition text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Height Property Page Designer View The Height property specifies the height of the accordion widget (in pixels), if different from the default height. The value of this property must be an integer. To set the value of the Height property: Click the accordion widget. On the Definition tab, click Height . Enter the desired height, in pixels. Setting the Width Property Page Designer View The Width property specifies the width of the accordion widget (in pixels), if different from the default width. The value of this property must be an integer. To set the value of the Width property: Click the accordion widget. On the Definition tab, click Width . Enter the desired width, in pixels. Setting the Accordion Style Property Page Designer View The Accordion Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to the accordion widget. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Accordion Style property: Click the accordion widget. On the Definition tab, click Accordion Style . To the right of the Accordion Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles.