Forms Mapper Controls Forms Mapper Controls Save Page to .PDF You control the Forms Mapper view using buttons, menus, and keyboard shortcuts. Forms Mapper Edit Menu The Forms Mapper Edit menu includes the following options. Menu Option Action Undo (CTRL+Z) Undo the last action performed. Manage Print Jobs Open the Manage Print Jobs dialog box. Edit Control File Field List Edit the control file to specify the order and location of forms to be printed. Form Manage forms. For more information, see Form Submenu . Sub-Form Manage sub-forms. For more information, see Sub-Form Submenu . Merge Field Manage merge fields. For more information, see Merge Field Submenu . Group Manage groups. For more information, see Group Submenu . Generate Forms Schema Generate a data schema that document providers can use to map forms data. Export to CSV Generate a sample .csv file for the selected document. The .csv file can be used with Microsoft Word to generate documents that are used by Forms Mapper. For more information, see Using a .Csv File in the EXAMPLE Forms™ Reference Guide . Refresh List Refresh the list of forms. Find (CTRL+F) Opens the Search dialog box to enter text to find. Find Next (F3) Finds the next occurrence of the previously entered text. View Form XML Open the XML Viewer dialog box to see the XML for the selected form. Form Submenu The Form submenu includes the following options. Menu Option Action Add Form (CTRL+A) Add a new form to the list of forms. Delete Form (CTRL+D) Remove the selected form from the list of forms. Rename Form Rename the selected form. Duplicate Form Duplicate the selected form and its sub-forms. You are prompted to rename the duplicate form. Form Properties Define properties for the selected form. Add Multiple Documents Select multiple files and insert them as forms. Move Form Down (CTRL+ALT+W) Move the selected form down in the list. Move Form Up (CTRL+ALT+U) Move the selected form up in the list. Sub-form Submenu The Sub-Form submenu includes the following options. Menu Option Action Add Sub-Form (CTRL+ALT+A) Add a new sub-form to the list of forms. Edit Sub-Form Edit the selected sub-form. Delete Sub-Form (CTRL+ALT+D) Remove the selected sub-form from the list of forms. Reset Sub-Form Path Reset the data path for the selected sub-form. Move Sub-Form Down(CTRL+ALT+W) Move the selected sub-form down in the list. Move Sub-Form Up (CTRL+ALT+U) Move the selected sub-form up in the list. Move Sub-Form Left (CTRL+ALT+L) Move the selected sub-form left in the list. Move Sub-Form Right (CTRL+ALT+R) Move the selected sub-form right in the list. Merge Field Submenu The Merge Field submenu includes the following options. Menu Option Action Add Merge Field (CTRL+M) Adds a merge field. Remove Merge Field (CTRL+R) Removes the selected merge field. Duplicate Merge Field (CTRL+ALT+C) Duplicates the selected merge field. Move Merge Field Down (CTRL+W) Moves the selected merge field down in the list. Move Merge Field Up (CTRL+U) Moves the selected merge field up in the list. Refresh Merge Fields Searches all the forms in Forms Mapper and add any new merge fields to the list for each form. Group Submenu The Group submenu includes the following options. Menu Option Action Add Group (CTRL+G) Adds a group to a form or sub-form. Delete Group (CTRL+L) Deletes the selected group. Move Group Down Moves the selected group down in the list. Move Group Up Moves the selected group up in the list. Forms Mapper Toolbar Buttons The Forms Mapper toolbars contain the following buttons. Button Name Action Above Forms Add Form Adds a new form to the list of forms. Delete Form Removes the selected form from the list of forms. Add Sub-form Adds a new sub-form to the list of forms. Delete Sub-form Removes the selected sub-form from the list of forms. Move Down Moves the selected form or sub-form down in the list. Move Up Moves the selected form or sub-form up in the list. Move Left Moves the selected form or sub-form left in the list. Move Right Moves the selected form or sub-form right in the list. Refresh List Refreshes the list of forms. Sort List Sorts the list of forms. Above Groups Add Group Adds a new group to the selected form. Delete Group Deletes the selected group from the selected form. Move Down Moves the selected group down in the list. Move Up Moves the selected group up in the list. Above Merge Fields Add Merge Field Adds a new merge field to the selected form. Remove Merge Field Deletes the selected field from the selected form. Duplicate Merge Field Duplicates the selected field. Move Down Moves the selected field down in the list. Move Up Moves the selected field up in the list. Forms Mapper Shortcut Menu When you right-click the Forms list in Forms Mapper, a menu appears with the following options. Menu Option Action Add Form (CTRL+A) Adds a new form to the list of forms. Delete Form (CTRL+D) Removes the selected form from the list of forms. Demote/Revert Form Reverts the form to its former inherited state. Rename Form Renames the selected form. Duplicate Form Duplicates the selected form and its sub-forms Form Properties Opens the Form Properties dialog box to define properties for the selected form. Add Sub-Form(s) (CTRL+ALT+A) Adds a new sub-form to the list of forms. Edit Sub-Form Edits the selected sub-form. Reset Sub-Form Path Resets the data path for the sub-form. Delete Sub-Form (CTRL+ALT+D) Removes the selected sub-form from the list of forms. Move Sub-Form Right (CTRL+ALT+R) Moves the selected sub-form right. (Demote) Move Sub-Form Left (CTRL+ALT+L) Moves the selected sub-form left. (Promote) Move Form/Sub-Form Up (CTRL+ALT+U) Moves the selected form or sub-form up in the list. Move Form/Sub-Form Down (CTRL+ALT+W) Moves the selected form or sub-form down in the list. Refresh List Refreshes the Forms list. Find (CTRL+F) Opens the Search dialog box to enter text to find. Find Next (F3) Finds the next occurrence of the previously entered text. View Form XML Views the XML for the selected form. View Inheritance (Forms) Opens the Inheritance dialog box to view the current ManuScript's forms inheritance chain. Forms Mapper Keyboard Shortcuts Use the following keyboard shortcuts in Forms Mapper. Key Combination Action F3 Finds the next occurrence of the previously entered text. CTRL+A Adds a form. CTRL+D Deletes the selected form. CTRL+F Opens the Search dialog box to enter text to find. CTRL+G Adds a group to a form or sub-form. CTRL+L Deletes the selected group. CTRL+M Adds a merge field. CTRL+R Removes the selected merge field. CTRL+U Moves the selected merge field up. CTRL+W Moves the selected merge field down. CTRL+Z Undoes the last action performed. CTRL+ALT+A Adds a sub-form. CTRL+ALT+C Duplicates the selected merge field. CTRL+ALT+D Deletes the selected sub-form. CTRL+ALT+L Moves the selected sub-form left. CTRL+ALT+R Moves the selected sub-form right. CTRL+ALT+U Moves the selected form or sub-form up. CTRL+ALT+W Moves the selected form or sub-form down.