Setting Field Annotations Setting Field Annotations Save Page to .PDF Fields View An annotation may be added to any field, page, or layout. Annotations are generally used to add descriptive information that might be used as help text if the ManuScript is used to support a product user interface. The text in documentation views is supported by the annotations. To set the Annotations property for a field: Click the appropriate field. On the Value tab, click Annotations . The Annotation and Topics dialog box appears. Enter an annotation for the field. Click OK . Annotations Buttons The Annotations toolbar contains the following buttons. Button Name Action Set Context Sets or modify the context on the selected text. Remove Context Removes the context on the selected text. Insert Field Inserts a field value. Insert Formatted Field Inserts a formatted field value. Cut Cuts the selected text to the clipboard. Copy Copies the selected text to the clipboard. Paste Pastes the text from the clipboard. Find Opens the Search dialog box to enter text to find. Find Next Finds the next occurrence of the previously entered text. Annotations Keyboard Shortcuts Use the following keyboard shortcuts to navigate within Annotations. Keyboard Shortcut Action CTRL+I Inserts a field value. CTRL+K Sets or modify the context on the selected text. CTRL+R Removes the context on the selected text. CTRL+W Inserts a formatted field value. Inserting Fields into Annotations and Messages You can add fields to the text of annotations or messages to display the value or caption of the field at execution. If the value or caption of the field changes, the annotation or message changes as well. Inserting a Field Fields View To insert a field in an annotation or message: In the Annotation and Topics dialog box or the Message Editor dialog box, click the Insert Field button . The Reference Select dialog box appears. You can also: Press CTRL+I. Click the field to insert, and then click OK . Inserting a Formatted Field Fields View To insert a formatted field in an annotation or message: In the Annotation and Topics dialog box or the Message Editor dialog box, click the Insert Formatted Field button . The Formatted Field dialog box appears. You can also: Press CTRL+W. Click Current field value or Selected Field . If you click Selected Field , enter the field name. You can enter a field name or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. In Format Specification , click the type of formatting. The options are: No formatting Caption of field Numeric format Date format Custom format If you click Numeric format or Date format , click the format type in the associated list. If you click Custom format , enter a format mask into the text box. Click OK . Formatting Embedded Fields Fields View You can embed fields into message text, which can contain any number of embedded fields. The mark-up EXAMPLE Author ® inserts into the text uses the tilde (~) character to indicate the name of the field to be replaced with its value at runtime. You can also use an optional formatting string to control the presentation of the data within the message. There are three types of format syntax: numeric, date, and character. The first character of the format indicates the type of formatting: Numeric format is indicated by a first character of # or 0. Date formatting is indicated by a first character of d, m or y. Character formatting is indicated by any other first character. Numeric Formatting Options Character formatting begins with the @ character. The edit mask string immediately follows the @ character, and consists of three fields separated by semicolons. The first part of the mask is the mask itself. The second part is the character that determines whether the literal characters of the mask are matched to characters in the Value parameter or are inserted into the Value string. The third part of the mask is the character used to represent missing characters in the mask. The following are the special characters used in the first field of the mask. Character Meaning in mask > If a greater than symbol appears in the mask, all a format characters that follow are in upper case until the end of the mask or until a < character is encountered. < If a less than symbol appears in the mask, all a format characters that follow are in lower case until the end of the mask or until a > character is encountered. <> If the less than and greater than symbols appear together in a mask, no case checking is done. This turns off the > or <, while > or < will turn it back on. (sequentially) a Requires an alphabetical character in this position, and the case is based upon the presence of one of the case indicators (>,<,<>) in the mask previous to the 'a' format character. L Requires an alphabetic character in this position. A Requires an alphanumeric character in this position. C Requires an upper-case alphabetic character in this position. c Requires a lower-case alphabetic character in this position. 0 Requires a numeric character in this position. 9 Requires a numeric character or a positive or negative sign (+ or -) in this position. # Requires a numeric character or a positive or negative sign (+ or -) in this position. - Inserts spaces into the returned string. * Requires a character in this position in a format mask. This can be any character allowed by the interface. ^ The character that follows a caret is a literal character. Use this character before any mask characters used as a literal. For example, in the mask @LL^xAA the third character of the entry must be x . Any character that does not appear in the preceding table can appear in the first part of the mask as a literal character. Literal characters are inserted automatically if the second field of the mask is 0, or matched to characters in the Value parameter if the second field is any other value. The special mask characters can also appear as literal characters if preceded by a back slash character (\). Adding a Context to an Annotation or Message Fields View To add a context to an annotation or message: In the Annotations and Topics dialog box, highlight the text to either hide or show when the ManuScript is viewed under a certain context. Click the Set Context button to open the Context Details dialog box. The text appears in the Text box of the Context Details dialog box. You can also: Press CTRL+K. In the Show Only with this context or Hide when this context lists, click the appropriate contexts. You can click the Select All button to select all the contexts or the Clear All button to clear all the context selections. (Optional) Click the Ellipsis button to the right of Show Only when condition is valid to use the Reference Select dialog box to select an appropriate boolean field. Click OK . The color of the selected text changes. You can set context colors on the Color Configuration tab of the Options dialog box. For more information, see Defining Contexts . Removing a Context from an Annotation or Message Fields View To remove a context from an annotation or message: In the Annotations or Message dialog box, highlight the text from which you wish to remove contexts. Click the Remove Context button . You can also: Press CTRL+R. The color of the selected text changes and the context is removed. You can set context colors in the Color Configuration tab of the Options dialog box.