Testing ManuScripts Testing ManuScripts Save Page to .PDF The following sections provide instructions for working with ManuScripts in Data Tester view. Setting the Field to Access Data Tester View The Primary Value setting in the ManuScript Properties is necessary to specify the execution field for the finished ManuScript. For testing purposes, you may choose to execute an interim field. To do this, you specify the Field to execute. To set the value of the Field to execute: On the Edit menu, click Advanced Options . The Advanced Options dialog box appears. Click the Ellipsis button to the right of the Field to access text box. The Reference Select dialog box appears. Click the appropriate field. (Optional) Enter a Data Path to execute a particular iteration of the selected field. Click OK . Entering Data Data Tester View All the public fields in the ManuScript appear in the Data Records list. Enter data into only the input fields that are required for testing the ManuScript. To view only the input fields: Select the Input only fields check box. To enter the data: In the Data Records pane, click the group where the input fields are located. The public fields appear in the bottom left pane. In each input field, enter the appropriate Data . Adding a Data Record Data Tester View Individual data records represent a single iteration of a group within a given data file. To add a data record: Click the Add Data Record button . You can also: • Right-click a data record, and then click Add Record. • On the Edit menu, point to Data , and then click Add Record . If there is only one public group in the current ManuScript, the record is added. If there is more than one public group to choose from, the Add New Record dialog box appears. If necessary, select a group from the dialog box: Click the group for the new data record. Click OK . The number of data records added cannot exceed the number set in the Maximum property in the Group properties in the Fields view. You can enter the value "*" (with the quotes) into the Maximum property to indicate an unlimited number of records. Duplicating a Data Record Data Tester View Individual data records represent a single iteration of a group within a given data file. When data is duplicated, all the items within the records are duplicated. To duplicate a data record: Click the record. Click the Duplicate Data Record button . You can also: • Right-click the data record, and then click Duplicate Record. • On the Edit menu, point to Data , and then click Duplicate Record . Deleting a Data Record - Data Tester View Individual data records represent a single iteration of a group within a given data file. To delete a data record: Click the data record to be deleted. Click the Delete Data Record button . You can also: • Right-click the data record, and then click Delete Record . • On the Edit menu, point to Data , and then click Delete Record . Sorting Data Records Data Tester View You can sort the fields in the Data Records List. To sort the fields alphabetically: Select the Sort by Field Name check box. Executing a ManuScript Data Tester View When you execute a ManuScript, data entered into the data records is used in the calculations. To execute a ManuScript: Click the Execute button . You can also: • Press F9. • On the Edit menu, click Execute . The output data is displayed in different formats on three tabs: Results Detailed View Output XML If an error message appears indicating that there is no field to execute defined, you must designate a field. For more information, see Setting the Field to Access . Viewing Errors and Messages Data Tester View When an error occurs during execution, the Error dialog box displays a detailed message. To see where an error occurred in a calculation: Click the Find Bug button . You can also: On the Edit menu, click Find Bug . The line containing the calculation in error appears in the Detailed View. To reopen the most recent error message: On the Edit menu, click View Error . You can also: Press CTRL+E. The View Messages dialog box displays any messages generated by executing a ManuScript. To view messages: On the Edit menu, click View Messages . You can also: Press CTRL+M. Printing the Calculation Data Tester View To print the results of the execution: Right-click any field in the Results View, and then click Print . The Print dialog box appears. Click Print . Exporting the Calculation Data Tester View You can export the results of a calculation as a .txt file that can then be opened in a text editor for further review. To export the results as a text file: Right-click any field in the Results View, and then click Export . The Export Debug Log dialog box appears. Browse to a location to save the file. Enter a File name , and then click OK .