Page Groups Page Groups Save Page to .PDF Page groups are groups in a ManuScript referenced by the page. You can add or remove page groups and define page group properties. Adding a Page Group Page Designer View To add a page group: Click the appropriate page or layout. Click the Add Group button . The Select Group Association dialog box appears. You can also: Press CTRL+G. Click the appropriate group, and then click OK . The system adds the group with a layout beneath it. Define the properties for the group. Deleting a Page Group Page Designer View To delete a page group: Click the group you wish to delete. Click the Delete Item button . Click Yes to confirm the deletion. Defining Page Group Properties Page Designer View To define a page group, you specify the following properties. Property Description Group Group selected from the ManuScript. Maximum Iterations Maximum number of iterations that can be displayed at any one time on the page. Link Iterations Number of action links to display the page. Relational Field Specification of a related field (in a related group) to display for each iteration. (The value of the field specified should be the foreign key in the related group.) Style Custom code to format the style of pages. Included Deleted Indication of whether records marked for deletion should be included in processing. Restrict Where Specification of conditions under which records should not display. Restrict Xpath Specification of xpath restrictions. Iterations with the specified xpaths do not display. Order By Field by which to sort iterations. Custom Actions Custom actions that have been added to the page group. Setting the Group Property Page Designer View The Group property specifies the referenced ManuScript group. To set the value of the Group property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Group . In the Group list, click the appropriate group. Setting the Maximum Iterations Property Page Designer View The Maximum Iterations property identifies the maximum number of iterations that can be displayed at any one time on the page. To set the value of the Maximum Iterations property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Maximum Iterations . Enter the maximum number of iterations to display per page. An asterisk indicates an unlimited number of iterations. Setting the Link Iterations Property Page Designer View The Link Iterations property specifies the number of action links to display on the page. To set the value of the Link Iterations property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Link Iterations . Enter the number of action links to display. Setting the Relational Field Property Page Designer View The Relational Field property specifies a related field (in a related group) to display for each iteration. (The value of the field specified should be the foreign key in the related group.). To set the value of the Relational Field property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Relational Field . To the right of the Relational Field text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Style Property Page Designer View The Style property specifies custom code to format pages. To set the value of the Style property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Style . Enter a custom code to format the group. To function properly, custom styles must be supported in the skin layer of your EXAMPLE Express ® installation or in other downstream systems. For more information, speak to your account manager. The following styles are supported by most installations of EXAMPLE Express ® . Layout Affect ThinBorder Creates a thin border around the fields within the layout. align:center: Centers the fields within the layout. align:left: Left-justifies the fields within the layout. align:right: Right-justifies the fields within the layout. alignC:center: Centers the field captions within the layout. alignC:left: Left-justifies the field captions within the layout. alignC:right: Right-justifies the field captions within the layout. file Creates a Browse button to the right of the input field that can be used to populate the field with a file name. NoTable: Aligns all layouts within the layout to which it is applied. width: 200 : Sets the width of the fields within the layout. 200 represents a number of pixels appropriate for the specific layout. widthC: 200 : Sets the width of the field captions within the layout. 200 represents a number of pixels appropriate for the specific layout. Setting the Restrict Where Property Page Designer View The Restrict Where property specifies conditions under which records should not display. To set the value of the Restrict Where property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Restrict Where . To the right of the Restrict Where text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Restrict Xpath Property Page Designer View The Restrict Xpath property specifies xpath restrictions. Iterations with the specified xpaths do not display. To set the value of the Restrict Xpath property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Restrict Xpath . To the right of the Restrict Xpath text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Order By Property Page Designer View The Order By property specifies the field by which to sort iterations. To set the value of the Order By property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Order By . To the right of the Order By text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting Custom Actions for a Page Group Page Designer View Custom Actions specify the buttons for custom actions for the page group. To set the value of a custom actions: Click the group. On the Definition tab, in the Custom Actions area, click Insert Action . Define the action. Defining Custom Actions In the Custom Action definition pane, you specify the following properties for custom actions. The properties vary by action. Property Description Caption Button text to describe the custom action. Show Condition Conditional field that determines if this command is returned by the EXAMPLE Server ® . Pre-Action Field to be executed before this action is performed. Post-Action Field to be executed after this action is performed. Action Action to be performed. You can select: Add Record Goto Page Calculate (discard results) Calculate (keep results) Iteration Links Custom Action Mark-for-Delete Use Editing ID Boolean indication of whether or not to use the value of the ManuScriptEditingID field for the ManuScript, PageSet and Page to be loaded. If false or if the ManuScriptEditingID field has no value, the system will use the ManuScript, PageSet, and Page specified by the ManuScript ID , Page Set , and Page properties. Page Page to be loaded when the action is Goto Page. PageSet PageSet that contains the page to be loaded when the action is Goto Page. ManuScript ID ID of ManuScript. If empty, the current ManuScript. Express Action Built-in action to be passed to the EXAMPLE Express ® system. Each EXAMPLE Express ® Action is related to a post Action and optional target Page for the action. The post Action defines the actual command to be performed by Express, such as save , submit , or loadHistory . The target Page identifies the page name to which EXAMPLE Express ® should navigate, such as print , open , or new . The format is postAction:targetPage using a colon to separate the post Action and the target Page. Field (Optional) Field to use as an entry point for the calculation instead of the Primary Value. Only available with the Calculate (discard results) and Calculate (keep results) actions. Request Request specifications. You define requests in the Request Command and Name Value Definitions dialog box. Types of Custom Actions You can define the following types of custom actions for groups. Action Description Add Record Adds an iteration of an object to the session data document. The default behavior returns to the current page after a new object is added. If you specify a page or PageSet, EXAMPLE Server ® adds the object and goes to the new page that contains only the iteration of the newly added object. Goto Page Routes the interview to a different destination. Under normal circumstances the Goto Page destination is determined when the page is rendered. However, it is possible to determine the Goto Page destination after the button is pressed. To determine the destination page after the button is clicked: Enter the name of a field containing the name of the destination page, prefixed by a $ (dollar sign). When the <ManuScript.getPageRq> request is processed and the value of the Goto Page command begins with a $ , the specified field is executed to determine the name of the page or PageSet to which to route. Calculate and Discard Calculates the ManuScript and do not preserve the calculated results in the session data document. Calculate and Keep Calculates the ManuScript and preserve the calculated results in the session data document. Iteration Links Returns a set of actions in conjunction with iterating objects. The number of actions depends on the current number of repeating objects in the data document for the context of this group and the values in the following Iterations fields: Maximum — Each action displays only the number of objects entered in the Maximum field for the specified PageSet. Links — The value in the Links fields specifies the maximum number of actions returned on a page. Custom Action Executes a <getPageRq> request that contains an attribute of command = "custom" . This indicates to the application that custom processing must occur. The setting of command="custom" is ignored by EXAMPLE Server ® .