Request Request Save Page to .PDF With a Request value type, a ManuScript can make calls directly to the EXAMPLE Server ® and then use a returned attribute as the value for a field. The Request type is best used when calling an external function to drive an application or when extending EXAMPLE Server ® to execute custom components such as calling an object that performs a specialized VIN lookup. When you use EXAMPLE Server ® with a form of authentication, the request is created under the security role of the current session. If the current user permissions are set to a level lower than the specified request requires, an error occurs in the ManuScript. To avoid this error you must define a Default value to be used if the Response Path cannot be found. Defining a Request Value Fields View To define a Request value: In the dropdown list for the appropriate property, click Request . In the Request Command list, click the appropriate command. In the Response Path list, enter the desired path by: Clicking the appropriate path in the list. (List options vary according to the selected Request command.) Clicking the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Entering a literal value (in quotes). Enter a Default Value . The Default value is the value the field is assigned if the request is made and the Response Path cannot be found. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. (Optional) Enter a value for Only Execute . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field that determines whether or not the request should be made. Enter a value for Modify Session . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field that determines whether or not session data should be updated if the request is successful. Enter a value for Uses Session . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field that determines whether or not session data is used by this request. Enter a value for On Failure . This is the field or value to use if the initial request fails. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Add any required request parameters by clicking Request Parameters and then entering the appropriate values in the Name Value Definitions dialog box.