Layouts Layouts Save Page to .PDF You can add, duplicate, or remove page layouts and define page layout properties. Adding a Page Layout Page Designer View To add a page layout: Click the layout under which to add another layout. Adding a new group automatically adds a new layout. Click the Add Layout button . You can also: Right-click a layout, and then click Add Layout . Duplicating a Page Layout Page Designer View To duplicate a page layout: Click the layout you wish to duplicate. In the Edit menu, click Duplicate . You can also: Right-click the layout, and then click Duplicate . The Duplicate Layout dialog box appears. Click the type of action to take. Duplicate and move options are: Duplicate layout structure only Duplicate layout structure and fields Duplicate layout structure and replace fields If you choose to duplicate the layout structure and replace fields, define Field Replacement Rules . Click a group for Replace fields from the group . Click a group for With similar field in the group . Click OK . Deleting a Page Layout Page Designer View To delete a page layout: Select the layout you wish to delete. Click the Delete button . In the Confirm dialog box, click Yes to confirm the deletion, or No to cancel. Defining Layout Properties Page Designer View To define a layout, you specify the following properties. Property Description Layout Caption Text to describe the layout. Layout Direction Direction the fields within the layout are presented. Field Caption Position Specification of where to display the field caption. Field Caption Display Specification of when to display the field caption. Header Caption Field used to determine the Header Caption for each iteration. Read-Only Content Specification of whether the layout is read-only. Show Layout Specification of whether the page layout is shown or hidden. Style Custom code to format the style of the pages. Enable Partial Refresh Indication of whether to enable partial refresh of fields, layouts, and buttons (custom actions) on the page. Custom Actions Custom actions added to the layout. Annotations Annotations associated with the layout. You can also add optional parameters to layouts. Setting the Layout Caption Page Designer View The Layout Caption property contains text to describe the layout. To set the value of the Layout Caption property: Click the layout. On the Definition tab, click Layout Caption . Enter the layout caption. The caption is added to the selected layout in the Page Designer list. Setting the Layout Direction Page Designer View The Layout Direction property specifies the direction the fields within the layout are displayed. The direction can be Across or Down. When you display fields that have more than one iteration, EXAMPLE Server ® aligns the fields and iterations in a table. Iterations span in the opposite direction of the Layout Direction. To set the value of the Layout Direction property: Click the layout. On the Definition tab, click Layout Direction . In the Layout Direction list, click Down or Across . Setting the Field Caption Position Page Designer View The Field Caption Position property specifies where to display the field caption. To set the value of the Field Caption Position property: Click the layout. On the Definition tab, click Field Caption Position . In the Field Caption Position list, click Before Field or Above Field . Setting the Field Caption Display Page Designer View The Field Caption Display property specifies when to display the field caption. To set the value of the Field Caption Display property: Click the layout. On the Definition tab, click Field Caption Display . In the Field Caption Display list, click the appropriate option. The Field Caption Display property includes the following options. Option Description No Captions Does not display captions. First Iteration Displays captions for only the first iteration. All Iterations Displays captions for all iterations. Only Captions Does not display the field values, just the captions of the fields. Setting the Header Caption Page Designer View The Header Caption property specifies the header caption for each iteration. To set the value of the Header Caption property: Click the layout. On the Definition tab, click Header Caption . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference, or specify a value. Setting the Read-Only Content Property Page Designer View The Read-Only property specifies whether the layout is read-only. To set the value of the Read-Only property: Click the layout. On the Definition tab, click Read-Only . In the Read-Only list, click False or True . Setting the Show Layout Property Page Designer View The Show Layout property specifies when to show the layout. To set the value of the Show Layout property: Click the layout. On the Definition tab, click Show Layout . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference, or specify a value. Setting the Style Property Page Designer View The Style property specifies custom code to format pages. To set the value of the Style property: Click the group. On the Definition tab, click Style . Enter a custom code to format the group. To function properly, custom styles must be supported in the skin layer of your EXAMPLE Express ® installation or in other downstream systems. For more information, speak to your account manager. The following styles are supported by most installations of EXAMPLE Express ® . Layout Affect ThinBorder Creates a thin border around the fields within the layout. align:center: Centers the fields within the layout. align:left: Left-justifies the fields within the layout. align:right: Right-justifies the fields within the layout. alignC:center: Centers the field captions within the layout. alignC:left: Left-justifies the field captions within the layout. alignC:right: Right-justifies the field captions within the layout. file Creates a Browse button to the right of the input field that can be used to populate the field with a file name. NoTable: Aligns all layouts within the layout to which it is applied. width: 200 : Sets the width of the fields within the layout. 200 represents a number of pixels appropriate for the specific layout. widthC: 200 : Sets the width of the field captions within the layout. 200 represents a number of pixels appropriate for the specific layout. Setting the Enable Partial Refresh Property Page Designer View The Enable Partial Refresh property specifies whether to enable partial refresh of fields, layouts, and buttons (custom actions) on the page. To set the value of the Enable Partial Refresh property: Click the layout. On the Definition tab, click Enable Partial Refresh . In the Enable Partial Refresh list, click True or False . Adding or Removing Optional Parameters Page Designer View To add an optional parameter: On the Definition tab, right-click the Properties area, and then click Add Parameter . The Add Extra Parameter dialog box appears. Enter the name of the parameter, and then click OK . On the line of the new parameter, specify a value, or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. To remove an optional parameter: Right-click the parameter, and then click Remove Parameter . Setting Layout Annotations Page Designer View An annotation may be added to any field, page, or layout. Annotations can contain any text, but they are generally used to display descriptive information as help text for a product user interface. To set the value of the Annotations property: Click the layout. On the Definition tab, click Annotations . The Annotation and Topics dialog box appears. Enter an annotation for the layout, and then click OK . For more information, see Setting Field Annotations . Setting Custom Actions for a Layout Page Designer View Custom Actions specify the buttons for custom actions for the layout. To set the value of custom actions: Click the layout. On the Definition tab, in the Custom Actions area, click Insert Action . Define the action. Types of Custom Actions You can define the following types of custom actions. Action Description Delete Record Deletes an iteration of an object from the session data document. The default behavior returns to the current page after the object is deleted. If you specify a page or PageSet, EXAMPLE Server ® deletes the object and then goes to the new page. Duplicate Record Duplicates an iteration of an object in the session data document. The default behavior returns to the current page after the object is duplicated. If you specify a page or PageSet, EXAMPLE Server ® duplicates the object and then goes to the new page. Goto Page Routes the interview to a different destination. Under normal circumstances the Goto Page destination is determined when the page is rendered. However, it is possible to determine the Goto Page destination after the button is pressed. To determine the destination page after the button is clicked: Enter the name of a field containing the name of the destination page, prefixed by a $ (dollar sign). When the <ManuScript.getPageRq> request is processed and the value of the Goto Page command begins with a $ , the specified field is executed to determine the name of the page or PageSet to which to route. Calculate and Discard Calculates the ManuScript and do not preserve the calculated results in the session data document. Calculate and Keep Calculates the ManuScript and preserve the calculated results in the session data document. Detail for this Record Displays fields for a single iteration. If you specify a page or PageSet, the detail displays on the specified page. (The root group for a page displaying a single iteration must be the iterating group.) This action cannot be used to retrieve data stored in named documents. Custom Action Executes a <getPageRq> request that contains an attribute of command = "custom" . This indicates to the application that custom processing must occur. The setting of command="custom" is ignored by EXAMPLE Server ® . Mark-for-Delete Deletes an iteration of an object in the session data document. Defining Custom Actions In the Custom Action definition pane, you specify the following properties for custom actions. The properties vary by action. Property Description Caption Button text to describe the custom action. Show Condition Conditional field that determines if this command is returned by the EXAMPLE Server ® . Pre-Action Field to be executed before this action is performed. Post-Action Field to be executed after this action is performed. Action Action to be performed. You can select: Add Record Goto Page Calculate (discard results) Calculate (keep results) Iteration Links Custom Action Mark-for-Delete Use Editing ID Boolean indication of whether or not to use the value of the ManuScriptEditingID field for the ManuScript, PageSet and Page to be loaded. If false or if the ManuScriptEditingID field has no value, the system will use the ManuScript, PageSet, and Page specified by the ManuScript ID , Page Set , and Page properties. Page Page to be loaded when the action is Goto Page. PageSet PageSet that contains the page to be loaded when the action is Goto Page. ManuScript ID ID of ManuScript. If empty, the current ManuScript. Express Action Built-in action to be passed to the EXAMPLE Express ® system. Each EXAMPLE Express ® Action is related to a post Action and optional target Page for the action. The post Action defines the actual command to be performed by Express, such as save , submit , or loadHistory . The target Page identifies the page name to which EXAMPLE Express ® should navigate, such as print , open , or new . The format is postAction:targetPage using a colon to separate the post Action and the target Page. Field (Optional) Field to use as an entry point for the calculation instead of the Primary Value. Only available with the Calculate (discard results) and Calculate (keep results) actions. Request Request specifications. You define requests in the Request Command and Name Value Definitions dialog box.