Batch Execute/Regression Batch Execute/Regression Save Page to .PDF Batch Execute/Regression is a means of testing a ManuScript with multiple sets of data at the same time. This is useful for both development and regression testing. You can use multiple data files to execute a ManuScript by creating a batch script. In ManuScripts with multiple root nodes, Batch Execute will calculate fields outside of the primary node if they are part of the specified field's value calculation. Batch Execute results for fields outside this field's value calculation will be zero. To create and run a batch script you must define settings in the following areas: Test Name — Choose a server, user name, password, script file name, and the folder to save in. Data Files — Choose a method of acquiring data files. Report Fields — Choose a method of reporting the batch execution, and specify the field to execute. Test Results — Choose a method of viewing the batch testing results. Defining the Test Name Settings To define the Test Name settings: On the Tools menu, click Batch Execute/Regression . The Batch Execute/Regression dialog box appears. In the Server list, click the appropriate Server. If you click a Server other than (work locally) , the User name and Password text boxes appear. In the User name text box, enter your User name. In the Password text box, enter your Password. To the right of the Script File text box, click Save . The Save As dialog box appears. To navigate to and test an existing data file, click Open instead of Save . In the File name text box, enter a name for the batch script. In the Save in text box, enter the appropriate location, and then click Save . A dialog box appears. In the dialog box, click OK . Defining the Data Files Settings To define the Data Files settings: In the Data Files area, click and define a method of acquiring data files: All files in path/directory — Click the Browse button to browse for the folder that contains the data files to use. Database query/view — Use database information for the execution data. If you click this method, two text boxes appear: Use the Connection text box to specify the DSN connection of the database to use. Use the Query/View text box to specify the query to use to extract the desired data. The query must return data from two columns in the specified table or view: the QuoteID column and the XMLData column. Specified files — Select specific files for the test. Defining the Report Fields Settings To define the Report Fields settings: In the Report Fields area, click and define a method of execution reporting: Write result data files to path — Click the Browse button to select or create a file in which to contain the execution results. Write result data back to database — Write the execution results to the specified database. To use this option you must define Connection , which is the DSN name of the database to use, and Query/View , which is either the text of the query or name of the view that defines the data to use. Specified fields — Return test results for only the field or fields specified in this list. (Optional) Click the Ellipsis button to select the field to execute. If no field is specified, the tool executes the Primary Value field specified in the ManuScript properties. Defining the Test Results Settings To define the Test Results settings: In the Test Results area, click a method of viewing the results: Output to screen — View test results on screen. Output to file — Write test results to file. Click the Browse button to select or create an appropriate file or directory. If you click this method, the Output format list appears. Click the file format for the test results. Testing and Viewing Batch Scripts To test and view the results of the current batch script: Click Start . When the script is finished running, the Confirm dialog box appears. In the Confirm dialog box, click Yes to export the results or No to cancel. You can also: In the Test Results area, select the Output to screen or Output to file option, and then click View Results to see the results of the execution.