Integration Point Integration Point Save Page to .PDF With an Integration Point value type, a ManuScript can make calls directly to a third-party Web service. The Integration Point type allows a user to select from lists of pre-defined integrations. Once the user has selected the desired integration, he or she can then map the desired ManuScript fields to each of the integration's send and receive data points. Integration Point fields will return a value of 1 if the <Integration.sendRq> request executed by the field is successful. If the request is not successful, the system will return a 0 and a message describing the error. This value type is available only on the Value property for a field. Integrations can be added to the list of available integrations using the Integration Definition Manager tool in the EXAMPLE Utility Center. Defining an Integration Point Value Fields View This value type is available only on the Value property for a field. To define an Integration Point value: In the dropdown list for the Value property, click Integration Point . In the Integration File list, click the file containing the list of integrations you wish to choose from. In the Integration list, click the desired integration. On the Items to Send tab, for each data point listed: In the Field column, use the Ellipsis button to open the Reference Select dialog box and select a field to map to the data point. Helpful information about the selected data point appears below the list of data points. (If applicable) If an Ellipsis button appears to the right of the Option Mapping column, use the button to open the Edit Coded List dialog box and map the values of the specified ManuScript field to the values expected by the integration. When finished, click OK . Hover over an option in the list to see its description. Click the Items to Receive tab. Repeat Step 4 for all data points on the Items to Receive tab. On the Integration Options tab, define additional options for the integration point: Enter a value for On Failure . This is the field to execute if the integration request fails. Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. (Optional) Enter a value for Only Execute . This field determines when to execute the integration request. If left blank, the request will always execute. Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. (Optional) Enter a value for Error Message . This field specifies the field that will store an error message received from the third-party Web service if the integration request fails. If no field is specified, the error message will be viewable through DCT Trace Monitor but will not be available for use in the ManuScript. Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field.