Group Properties Group Properties Save Page to .PDF You can modify the way groups work by modifying group properties. Setting Group Visibility Fields View The visibility of a group identifies whether the group is viewable by the end user (public) or used only within the ManuScript (private). To set the visibility of a group: Click the group. Click Public or Private . In the Confirm dialog box, click Yes to change the item visibility, or No to cancel. For more information on Public and Private settings, see Visibility . Setting the Caption Fields View The Caption property specifies the name of the field or group as the user sees it. To set the value of the Caption property: Click the field or group. In the Caption text box, enter the appropriate caption. No quotes are required around the text. Setting Group Classes Fields View Classes are a method used for sorting tables, fields, and groups. To set the value of the Class property: Click the group. In the Class text box, enter a name for the class. No quotes are required around the text. Setting Group Maximums Fields View The Maximum property specifies the maximum number of iterations allowed for a public group. To set the value of the group Maximum property: Click the group. In the Maximum text box, enter the maximum number of iterations for the group. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. If you enter a constant value, do not enclose it in quotes unless you enter an asterisk, which indicates unlimited iterations. Setting the Group Required Property Fields View The Required property indicates to EXAMPLE Express ® that a value for the group or field is mandatory in the interview process. To set the value of the Required property: Click the group. In the Required text box, enter 1 (for true) if the field or group is required, or 0 (for false) if the field or group is not required. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. You can specify a boolean field to make the group conditionally required. Setting Related Groups Fields View The Related Group property specifies which groups are related and how. To set the value of the Related Group property: Click the group. Click Related Groups . The Group Relationships dialog box appears. Specify the related groups. For each related group: In the Related Group list, click the related group. Click the Ellipsis button to the right of the Foreign Key Linking to the Related Group column to use the Reference Select dialog box to select the appropriate field In the Link Type list, click reference or mirror . Click OK . Setting the Data Path Fields View The Data Path property is the element or attribute of the XML data document where the group is mapped or that contains the value of the field. To change or add a path to a field or group, the field or group must be public, and a schema must be defined for the ManuScript. To set the Data Path property: Click the field or group. Click Path . The Path Selector dialog box appears. Click the item from the pre-determined schema to develop a path. Click OK .