Sections Sections Save Section to .PDF Save Page to .PDF Sections are parts of a page used as containers for fields, actions, tables, widgets, or other sections. You can add, duplicate, and remove sections, as well as define section properties and convert sections to tables or grids widgets. Sections can be nested within other sections or within tables. Sections should not be used to display iterative data. When displaying iterative data, use tables or grid widgets. Adding a Section Page Designer View To add a section: Click the section or table under which to add another section. On the Edit menu, click Add Section . You can also: Right-click a section or table, and then click Add Section . Duplicating a Section Page Designer View To duplicate a section: Click the section you wish to duplicate. On the Edit menu, click Duplicate . You can also: Right-click the section, and then click Duplicate . The Duplicate Section dialog box appears. Click the type of action to take. Options are: Duplicate section structure only Duplicate section structure and fields Duplicate section structure and replace fields If you choose to duplicate the section structure and replace fields, define Field Replacement Rules . Click a group for Replace fields from the group . Click a group for With similar field in the group . Click OK . Deleting a Section Page Designer View To delete a section: Select the section you wish to delete. Click the Delete button . In the Confirm dialog box, click Yes to confirm the deletion, or No to cancel. Converting a Section For instructions on converting a section to a table or grid widget, see Converting Sections . Defining Section Properties Page Designer View To define a section, specify the following properties. Property Description General Section Caption Text to describe the section. Layout Direction Direction the section content is laid out on the page. Field Caption Position Specification of where to display field captions. Options vary depending upon the Layout Direction and Field Caption Display selected. Field Caption Display Specification of when to display field captions. Show Condition Specification of when to display the section. Read-Only Content Specification of whether section content should be read-only. Advanced Collapsible Indication of whether the section is collapsible. When True , additional properties appear: Start Closed — Indicates whether to default the section to closed. (True/False) Toggle Bar Caption — Specifies the caption for the toggle bar. If blank, the system uses the section caption. Expand Event Specification of a field to execute when the section is expanded. This property is only applicable when the section is in an accordion section. Static Content Type Specification of the method to use for embedding external content in EXAMPLE Express ® . Options include: HTML iFrame Sub-parameters: Content URL – Indicates the URL where the external content you wish to embed resides. Content Title – Indicates whether a title bar containing the specified string will appear in the title bar at the top of the panel. Content Border – Indicates whether to display or hide the border. Content Frame – Indicates whether to display or hide the frame. Content Collapsible – Indicates whether the content should be collabsible. Content Scrollable – Indicates whether the content should be scrollable. Content Height – Indicates the desired height of the panel. Content Name – Applies a name to an iFrame, if applicable. Display Section Style CSS styles to apply to the section content. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Section Caption Style CSS styles to apply to the section caption. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Field Caption Style CSS styles to apply to the captions of fields in the section. Styles do not apply to fields in child sections, tables, or grid widgets. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Field Style CSS styles to apply to read-only fields in the section. Styles do not apply to fields in child sections, tables, or grid widgets. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Action Style CSS styles to apply to the actions in the section. Styles do not apply to actions in child sections, tables, or grid widgets. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Custom Container Custom style to apply to a container. Sub-parameters: panelHeader – Custom parameter that creates a title for a custom container. alignHeader – Custom parameter that center or right-aligns a container title. If not specified, the container aligns to the left. Icon Image Allows an icon to be placed in the section heading. Icons only appear if an associated section caption is present. In addition to defining the above properties, you can also define annotations for sections, and you can add actions to sections. For information on adding actions, see Actions . Setting the Section Caption Property Page Designer View The Section Caption property contains text to describe the section. To set the value of the Section Caption property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, click Section Caption . Enter the section caption. The caption is added to the selected section in the Page Designer list. Setting the Layout Direction Property Page Designer View The Layout Direction property specifies the direction the section content is laid out on the page. The direction can be Across or Down. To set the value of the Layout Direction property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, click Layout Direction . In the Layout Direction list, click Down or Across . Setting the Field Caption Position Property Page Designer View The Field Caption Position property specifies where to display field captions. The options for this property vary depending upon the Layout Direction and Field Caption Display selected. To set the value of the Field Caption Position property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, click Field Caption Position . In the Field Caption Position list, click Before Field or Above Field . Setting the Field Caption Display Property Page Designer View The Field Caption Display property specifies when to display field captions. To set the value of the Field Caption Display property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, click Field Caption Display . In the Field Caption Display list, click the appropriate option. The Field Caption Display property includes the following options. Option Description All Displays captions. None Does not display captions. Only Captions Does not display the field values, just the captions of the fields. Setting the Show Condition Property Page Designer View The Show Condition property specifies when to show the section. To set the value of the Show Condition property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, click Show Condition . To the right of the Show Condition text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Read-Only Content Property Page Designer View The Read-Only Content property specifies whether the section is read-only. To set the value of the Read-Only Content property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, click Read-Only Content . In the Read-Only Content list, click False or True . Setting the Collapsible Property Page Designer View The Collapsible property specifies whether the section is collapsible. When True , the Start Closed and Toggle Bar Caption properties appear. To set the value of the Collapsible property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, click Collapsible . In the Collapsible list, click True or False . Setting the Start Closed Property Page Designer View The Start Closed property appears when the Collapsible property is set to True . The Start Closed property indicates whether to default the section to closed. To set the value of the Start Closed property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath the Collapsible property, click Start Closed . In the Start Closed list, click True or False . Setting the Toggle Bar Caption Property Page Designer View The Toggle Bar Caption property appears when the Collapsible property is set to True . The Toggle Bar Caption property specifies the caption for the section toggle bar. If this property is blank, the system uses the section caption as the toggle bar caption. To set the value of the Toggle Bar Caption property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath the Collapsible property, click Toggle Bar Caption . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Toggle Bar Caption text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Expand Condition Property Page Designer View The Expand Condition property specifies when to expand the section. This property is only applicable when the section is in an accordion widget. To set the value of the Expand Caption property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath Advanced , click Expand Condition . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Expand Event Property Page Designer View The Expand Event property specifies a field to execute when the section is expanded. This property is only applicable when the section is in an accordion widget. To set the value of the Expand Event property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath Advanced, click Expand Event . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Static Content Type Property Page Designer View The Static Content Type property specifies the method to use for embedding external content in EXAMPLE Express ® . Options include: HTML iFrame To set the value of the Static Content Type property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath Advanced, click Static Content Type . Click the dropdown arrow to select an option. Setting the Content Url Property Page Designer View The Content Url property indicates the URL where the external content you wish to embed resides. To set the value of the Content Url property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath Advanced, click Content Url . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Content Title Property Page Designer View The Content Title property indicates whether a title bar containing the specified string will appear in the title bar at the top of the panel. To set the value of the Content Title property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath Advanced, click Content Title . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Content Border Property Page Designer View The Content Border property indicates whether to display or hide the border. To set the value of the Content Border property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath Advanced, click Content Border . Click the dropdown arrow to select an option. Setting the Content Frame Property Page Designer View The Content Frame property indicates whether to display or hide the frame. To set the value of the Content Frame property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath Advanced, click Content Frame . Click the dropdown arrow to select an option. Setting the Content Collapsible Property Page Designer View The Content Collapsible property indicates whether the content should be collabsible or not. To set the value of the Content Collapsible property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath Advanced, click Content Collapsible . Click the dropdown arrow to select an option. Setting the Content Scrollable Property Page Designer View The Content Scrollable property indicates whether the content should be scrollable or not. To set the value of the Content Scrollable property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath Advanced, click Content Scrollable . Click the dropdown arrow to select an option. Setting the Content Height Property Page Designer View The Content Height property indicates the desired height of the panel. To set the value of the Content Height property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath Display, click Content Height . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Content Name Property Page Designer View The Content Name property applies a name to an iFrame, if applicable. To set the value of the Content Name property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath Display, click Content Name . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Section Style Property Page Designer View The Section Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to the section content. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Section Style property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, click Section Style . To the right of the Section Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles. Setting the Section Caption Style Property Page Designer View The Section Caption Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to the section caption. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Section Caption Style property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, click Section Caption Style . To the right of the Section Caption Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles. Setting the Field Caption Style Property Page Designer View The Field Caption Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to the captions of fields in the section. Styles specified in this property do not apply to fields in child sections, tables, or grid widgets. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned, and they will be applied according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Field Caption Style property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, click Field Caption Style . To the right of the Field Caption Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles. Setting the Field Style Property Page Designer View The Field Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to read-only fields in the section. Styles specified in this property do not apply to fields in child sections, tables, or grid widgets. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned, and they will be applied according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Field Style property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, click Field Style . To the right of the Field Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles. Setting the Action Style Property Page Designer View The Action Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to actions in the section. Styles specified in this property do not apply to actions in child sections, tables, or grid widgets. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned, and they will be applied according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Action Style property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, click Action Style . To the right of the Action Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles. Setting the Custom Container Property Page Designer View The Custom Container property specifies the custom style to apply to a container. To set the value of the Custom Container property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath Display, click Custom Container . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. By default, custom containers are as wide as their parent container. To create a narrower container, place the section with the custom container inside a parent container that has a defined width. Setting the Icon Image Property Page Designer View The Icon Image property allows an icon to be placed in the section heading. To set the value of the Icon Image property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, beneath Display, click Icon Image . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting Section Annotations Page Designer View An annotation may be added to any field, page, section, table, or grid widget. Annotations can contain any text, but they are generally used to display descriptive information as help text for a product user interface. To set the value of the Annotations property: Click the section. On the Definition tab, click Annotations . The Annotation and Topics dialog box appears. Enter an annotation for the section, and then click OK . For more information, see Setting Field Annotations .