Setting EXAMPLE Author® Options Setting EXAMPLE Author® Options Save Page to .PDF You use the Options dialog box to control EXAMPLE Author ® settings on the following tabs: Color Configuration Local Options Enterprise Options Advanced To open the Options dialog: On the View menu, click Options . Color Configuration Use the Color Configuration tab to set the following preferences. Category Action Color Configuration Click the appropriate button to use a standard or custom pallette. Custom Settings Click a color in the list next to each category, or click the Ellipsis button to set a custom color on the appropriate line. Display options for lists and inherited indicators In each list, click click the appropriate font, size, and typeface to customize your display. When you modify colors, be sure to select contrasting foreground and background colors so the displayed text and images are clearly visible. Local Options You use the Local Options tab to specify options for Catalog and directory locations in the following categories. Item Action/Description Catalog/Directory Name of the Catalog or directory Path/File Name Click the Browse button to set the location of each item. Restore Default Catalogs Click to restore all directories to defaults. Data Schema Directory Click the Browse button to set the data schema directory. Express URL Enter the URL for the EXAMPLE Express ® installation to use. Enterprise Options You use the Enterprise Options tab to identify the EXAMPLE Server ® and EXAMPLE Express ® pairs available to the user. You also use this tab to specify the location of the directory for EXAMPLE Forms™. Item Action Name Enter the name of the enterprise option. Server URL Enter the URL for the appropriate EXAMPLE Server ® . Express URL Enter the URL for the EXAMPLE Express ® associated with the specified EXAMPLE Server ® . Move Up Click to move the selected option up in the list. Move Down Click to move the selected option down in the list. Insert Option Click to insert an option. Remove Option Click to delete the selected option. Forms Directory Click the Browse button to select a directory for EXAMPLE Forms™. Advanced Options You use the Advanced tab to specify the following items. Item Action Interview Preview XSL Click the Browse button to specify an appropriate XSL file. Documentation Preview XSL Click the Browse button to specify an appropriate XSL file. Cache ODBC Connections. Keep database connections open in local mode. Start windows maximized. Select whether or not to open each view maximized. Show hints. Select to display tool tips. Start field list in a collapsed state. Select to collapse field list upon opening a ManuScript. Restrict ManuScript Catalog on open. Select to maintain catalog key selections between sessions. Always refresh Reference Select list. Select to automatically refresh Reference Select list. Preserve ManuScript Catalog sort preferences. Select to maintain sort column preference between sessions. Request Timeout (In Seconds) Enter the number of seconds to wait before timing out a request. If a request times out, failure notifications are sent. Session 'Stay Alive' Select to force the session to stay active. This should always be checked and starts a "heartbeat" that tells the session cleanup to not delete a session while it is still active. This setting is in minute intervals. Request Interval (In Minutes) Enter the number of minutes you wish the session to remain open.