Tables Tables Save Section to .PDF Save Page to .PDF Tables are parts of a page used as containers for fields, actions, sections, widgets, or other tables. Tables are especially intended for displaying iterative data. You can add, duplicate, and remove tables, as well as define table properties and convert tables to sections or grids widgets. Tables can be nested within other tables or within sections. Adding a Table Page Designer View To add a table: Click the section or table under which to add a table. On the Edit menu, click Add Table . You can also: Right-click a section or table, and then click Add Table . Duplicating a Table Page Designer View To duplicate a table: Click the table you wish to duplicate. On the Edit menu, click Duplicate . You can also: Right-click the table, and then click Duplicate . The Duplicate Table dialog box appears. Click the type of action to take. Options are: Duplicate table structure only Duplicate table structure and fields Duplicate table structure and replace fields If you choose to duplicate the table structure and replace fields, define Field Replacement Rules . Click a group for Replace fields from the group . Click a group for With similar field in the group . Click OK . Deleting a Table Page Designer View To delete a table: Select the table you wish to delete. Click the Delete button . In the Confirm dialog box, click Yes to confirm the deletion, or No to cancel. Converting a Table For instructions on converting a table to a section or grid widget, see Converting Tables . Defining Table Properties Page Designer View To define a table, specify the following properties. Property Description Basic Table Caption Text to describe the table. Layout Direction Direction the table content is laid out on the page. Field Caption Position Specification of where to display field captions. Options vary depending upon the Layout Direction and Field Caption Display selected. Field Caption Display Specification of when to display field captions. Header Caption Field used to determine the Header Caption for each iteration. Show Condition Specification of when to display the table. Read-Only Content Specification of whether table content should be read-only. Advanced None Style Table Style CSS styles to apply to the table content. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Table Header Style CSS styles to apply to the table title. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Field Caption Style CSS styles to apply to the captions of fields in the table. Styles do not apply to fields in child sections, tables, or grid widgets. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Field Style CSS styles to apply to read-only fields in the table. Styles do not apply to fields in child sections, tables, or grid widgets. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Action Style CSS styles to apply to the actions in the table. Styles do not apply to actions in child sections, tables, or grid widgets. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. In addition to defining the above properties, you can also define annotations for tables, and you can add actions to tables. For information on adding actions, see Actions . Setting the Table Caption Property Page Designer View The Table Caption property contains text to describe the table. To set the value of the Table Caption property: Click the table. On the Definition tab, click Table Caption . Enter the table caption. The caption is added to the selected table in the Page Designer list. Setting the Layout Direction Property Page Designer View The Layout Direction property specifies the direction the table content is laid out on the page. The direction can be Across or Down. To set the value of the Layout Direction property: Click the table. On the Definition tab, click Layout Direction . In the Layout Direction list, click Down or Across . Setting the Field Caption Position Property Page Designer View The Field Caption Position property specifies where to display field captions. The options for this property vary depending upon the Layout Direction and Field Caption Display selected. To set the value of the Field Caption Position property: Click the table. On the Definition tab, click Field Caption Position . In the Field Caption Position list, click Before Field or Above Field . Setting the Field Caption Display Property Page Designer View The Field Caption Display property specifies when to display field captions. To set the value of the Field Caption Display property: Click the table. On the Definition tab, click Field Caption Display . In the Field Caption Display list, click the appropriate option. The Field Caption Display property includes the following options. Option Description No Captions Does not display captions. First Iteration Displays captions for only the first iteration. All Iterations Displays captions for all iterations. Only Captions Does not display the field values, just the captions of the fields. Setting the Header Caption Property Page Designer View The Header Caption property specifies the header caption for each iteration. To set the value of the Header Caption property: Click the table. On the Definition tab, click Header Caption . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Header Caption text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field. Setting the Show Condition Property Page Designer View The Show Condition property specifies when to show the table. To set the value of the Show Condition property: Click the table. On the Definition tab, click Show Condition . To the right of the Show Condition text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Read-Only Content Property Page Designer View The Read-Only Content property specifies whether the table is read-only. To set the value of the Read-Only Content property: Click the table. On the Definition tab, click Read-Only Content . In the Read-Only Content list, click False or True . Setting the Table Style Property Page Designer View The Table Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to the table content. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Table Style property: Click the table. On the Definition tab, click Table Style . To the right of the Table Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles. Setting the Table Header Style Property Page Designer View The Table Header Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to the table title. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Table Header Style property: Click the table. On the Definition tab, click Table Header Style . To the right of the Table Header Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles. Setting the Field Caption Style Property Page Designer View The Field Caption Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to the captions of fields in the table. Styles specified in this property do not apply to fields in child sections, tables, or grid widgets. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned, and they will be applied according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Field Caption Style property: Click the table. On the Definition tab, click Field Caption Style . To the right of the Field Caption Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles. Setting the Field Style Property Page Designer View The Field Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to read-only fields in the table. Styles specified in this property do not apply to fields in child sections, tables, or grid widgets. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned, and they will be applied according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Field Style property: Click the table. On the Definition tab, click Field Style . To the right of the Field Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles. Setting the Action Style Property Page Designer View The Action Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to actions in the table. Styles specified in this property do not apply to actions in child sections, tables, or grid widgets. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned, and they will be applied according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Action Style property: Click the table. On the Definition tab, click Action Style . To the right of the Action Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles.