Fields View Controls Fields View Controls Save Page to .PDF You control the Fields view using buttons, menus, and keyboard shortcuts. Fields View Edit Menu The Fields View Edit menu includes the following options. Menu Option Action Undo (CTRL+Z) Undo the last action performed. Add Field (CTRL+A) Opens the Add Field dialog box. Add Group (CTRL+G) Opens the Add Group dialog box. Duplicate Opens the Duplicate Item dialog box to duplicate the selected field or group. Delete Field/Group (CTRL+D) Deletes the selected field or group. Demote/Revert Discards local changes to field/group, returning it to derived status. Refresh list Refreshes the list of available fields in the ManuScript. Rename Renames the selected field or group. Find (CTRL+F) Opens the Search dialog box to enter text to find. Find Next (F3) Finds the next occurrence of the previously entered text. Go to Parent (F10) Selects the parent group of the active field or group. Go to Public Parent (F11) Selects the first public ancestor of the active field or group. Move Opens the Move Field to Group dialog box to move a field or group to a different group. Make Field/Group Public/Private Changes the visibility of the selected item. Dependant on selection. Annotations (Ctrl+T) Opens the Annotation and Topics dialog box to add or edit annotation for the selected field. Data Mart Attributes Opens the Data Mart Attributes dialog box for the selected item. Back (CTRL+B) Returns to the previously selected field. This is useful after going to another field from the Usage dialog box. Collapse Tree Collapses all nodes in the tree view. Expand Tree Expands all nodes in the tree view. Used by (CTRL+U) Opens the Usage dialog box to list the items that use the selected field. To go to a field, click Go to . View Field XML Opens the XML Viewer dialog box to display the source XML for the selected field or group. Compare XML Opens the XML Comparison dialog box to compare the current XML with the base XML. Fields View Toolbar Buttons The Fields view toolbar contains the following buttons. Button Name Action Create New Field Opens the Create New Field dialog box. Delete Deletes the selected field or group from the list. Refresh Refreshes the list of fields available to the ManuScript. Find Opens the Search dialog box to enter text to find. Find Next Finds the next occurrence of the previously entered text. Duplicate Opens the Duplicate Item dialog box to duplicate the selected field or group. Back Returns to the previously selected field. This is useful after going to another field from the Usage dialog box. The following check boxes are also on the Fields view toolbar, and are used to filter the list of fields. Check box Action Public Select to display public fields in the list. Private Select to display private fields in the list. Local Only Select to display only those items defined in the local ManuScript. Worksheet Select to display the rating worksheet data. Fields View Keyboard Shortcuts Use the following keyboard shortcuts in the Fields view. Key Combination Action F10 Selects the parent group of the active field or group. F11 Selects the first public ancestor of the active field or group. CTRL+A Adds field. CTRL+B Returns to the previously selected field. This is useful after going to another field from the Usage dialog box. CTRL+F Opens the Search dialog box to find group or field names. CTRL+G Adds group. CTRL+T Opens the Annotations and Topics dialog box to add an annotation to a group or field. CTRL+U Opens the Usage dialog box to list the items that use the selected field. To go to a field, click Go to . CTRL+Z Cancels the last action.