WrittenPrem WrittenPrem Save Page to .PDF WrittenPrem fields simplify the calculation of written premiums. They allow EXAMPLE Server ® , rather than ManuScript logic, to process the complex equations required to calculate written premiums. This feature simplifies ManuScript development and eases EXAMPLE Server ® processing load. WrittenPrem calculation includes a shared configuration option to simplify the creation of WrittenPrem fields. When using the shared configuration, users can apply the shared configuration to a WrittenPrem field, eliminating the need to define ten values or field references that are likely to be common across all written premium calculations in a ManuScript. Two of the values used in written premium processing, Prior Term Premium and Prior Written Premium , are generally not a part of ManuScript architecture. These two values are a part of EXAMPLE TransACT ® 2.1 ManuScripts, or they can be defined in a custom ManuScript. If the ManuScript in which the written premium is being calculated cannot access appropriate values for these components of the written premium calculation, the calculation will not result in a correct written premium. Defining a WrittenPrem Value Fields View To define a WrittenPrem Value: In the dropdown list for the appropriate property, click WrittenPrem . (Optional) To use the previously defined Shared Configuration for written premium processing, select the Use Shared Configuration check box. For each of the following items, define an appropriate value, Xpath, or field reference: Item Description Premium Information Term Premium Full-term premium amount for the coverage. This field should contain the full-term premium amount. Minimum Premium (Optional) Minimum premium amount for the written premium value of the coverage. A value of zero indicates there is no minimum premium. Fully Earned Boolean value (1 or 0) that determines whether the premium for the policy is fully earned. Flat Charge Boolean value (1 or 0) that determines whether the charge for the policy is not pro-rated. Clear Premium Determines whether the value of the term premium is to be cleared. Options include: Never — Do not clear the value of the term premium. If Deleted — Clear the value of the term premium if it is marked for delete and the value specified in the Field column is true (1). The literal value or field reference specified in the Field column must be boolean. This value defaults to true (1). Custom — Clear the value of the term premium according to custom rules. The literal value or field reference specified in the Field column must be boolean. This value defaults to true (1). This option is not available in a shared configuration. Auditable Type Value (0, 1, 2) that determines whether the premium is auditable. Out of the box, the premium is non-auditable. A non-auditable premium will be returned on the final audit. The options are: 0 — Non-Auditable (This is the default setting.) 1 — Auditable Exposure 2 — Auditable Units Configuration Section Prior Term Premium Field or Xpath that contains the premium amount for the prior term. The written premium calculation reads this value. Field Reference — Must be a public field and reference the term premium from the previous transaction. Xpath — Must be a relative path from the specified Term Premium field to the appropriate value. Prior Written Premium Field or Xpath that contains the written premium amount for the prior term. The written premium calculation reads this value. Field Reference — Must be a public field and reference the term premium from the previous transaction. Xpath — Must be a relative path from the specified Term Premium field to the appropriate value. Charge Premium Field or Xpath to which the calculation writes the written premium result. Field Reference — Must be a public field. Xpath — Must be a relative path from the specified Term Premium field to the appropriate value. Date Information Policy Effective Date Effective date of the policy. Policy Expiration Date Expiration date of the policy. Transaction Effective Date Effective date of the transaction initiating the written premium calculation. ProRate Type Numeric value indicating the type of transaction. The written premium calculation uses this value to determine how to handle prorating. The options are: 0 — Any transaction other than those below 1 — Cancel with Return Premium 2 — Reinstate 4 — Final Audit Factor Information Short-Rate Factor Factor defining the short-rate penalty for early cancellation of the policy. This value should be 1.0 if the cancellation is pro-rated, otherwise it should be less than 1.0 to indicate the short-rate applied under a cancellation. Factor Digits of Precision Numeric value indicating the number of digits to the right of the decimal for factors calculated within the written premium calculations. Rounding Rounding precision. This option applies to each step in the written premium calculation. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference.