Setting Field Miscellaneous Rules Setting Field Miscellaneous Rules Save Page to .PDF Fields View You can add customized rules to a field by adding miscellaneous rules. Each miscellaneous rule consists of a condition that evaluates to True or False , and specific values assigned to each potential value of the condition ( Then Value for True , Else Value for False ).Unique messages can be assigned to each potential value of the condition. In addition, you can define rules that allow a miscellaneous rule to execute only when data values in its condition have changed. When a field contains miscellaneous rules, the value of the field is determined by the conditions on the rules. Rules are resolved in the order they are listed in EXAMPLE Author ® . To set the value of the Miscellaneous Rules property: Click the field. On the Value tab, in the Miscellaneous Rules list, click (defined) . The Miscellaneous Rules Definition pane appears. To the right of the Details , click CB . The Condition Builder dialog box appears with the Reference Select dialog box over it. Build the conditions that define the rule. For more information on specifying a condition, see Conditional . Click the Ellipsis button to the right of the Then value text box to select a field reference or value. (Optional) To include a message associated with the Then value, select the Message check box, click the Message button ,and then create the message. For more information on creating a message, see Adding Messages to Field Properties . Click the Ellipsis button to the right of the Else value to select a field reference or value. (Optional) To include a message associated with the Else value, select the Message check box, click the Message button ,and then create the message. (Optional) To configure the miscellaneous rule to execute only when data values in its condition have changed: Click the Ellipsis button to the right of Store Reference Values to select a boolean field reference or enter a boolean value. When True , this rule causes the system to store the data values from the condition in the session when the rule is evaluated. These stored values are used as the point of comparison when Ignore Rule If Unchanged is True . Click the Ellipsis button to the right of Ignore Rule If Unchanged to select a boolean field reference or enter a boolean value. When True , this rule causes the system to skip the miscellaneous rule's Then Value and Else Value if the data values produced when the condition is evaluated have not changed from the last time the values were stored (the last time Store Reference Values was True ). If the conditions used for Store Reference Values or Ignore Rule If Unchanged apply to all miscellaneous rules on a field, click Apply to All Rules to apply the conditions to all miscellaneous rules on the field. (Optional) Repeat steps 3 through 9 for each additional rule. Miscellaneous Rules Toolbar Buttons The Miscellaneous Rules Definition toolbar contains the following buttons. Button Name Action Add Rule Create a new row in the list. Delete Rule Remove the selected rule from the list Duplicate Rule Duplicate the selected rule in the first open row. Move Up (CTRL+ALT+U) Move the selected rule up in the list. Move Down (CTRL+ALT+D) Move the selected rule down in the list. Find (CTRL+F) Opens the Search dialog box to enter text to find. Find Next (F3) Finds the next occurrence of the previously entered text.