Calculation Calculation Save Page to .PDF With a Calculation value type, you specify an equation to determine the value. Each step of the equation is listed in the calculation grid. Steps are performed in the order listed, modified by groupings. Calculation fields do not follow the standard mathematic order of operations. Be sure to group the lines in your calculation appropriately. When the value of a field is determined by a calculation, the calculation definition identifies the operators, values, groupings, and rounding used to calculate the value. Calculation Buttons Fields View The Calculations Definitions pane toolbar contains the following buttons. Button Name Action Insert Phrase Adds a step to the calculation. Remove Phrase Removes the selected step from the calculation. Group Phrases Groups the selected steps. Ungroup Phrases Ungroups the selected steps. Ungroup All Clears all groupings. Cut Cuts the selected text to the clipboard. Copy Copies the selected text to the clipboard. Paste Pastes the text from the clipboard. Move Up Moves the selected item up in the list. Move Down Moves the selected item down in the list. View Equation Displays a mathematical summary of the calculation. Calculation Operators Fields View The following operators are available in the Op list for calculation fields. Operator Description = Begins a calculation. + Adds a value. - Subtracts a value. * Multiplies a value. / Divides a value. min Returns the highest of the following options: The current value The parameter value max Returns the lowest of the following options: The current value The parameter value power Calculates the current value raised to the specified power. and Performs a logical AND between the current value and the parameter value. (Usually returns a boolean value.) or Performs a logical OR between the current value and the parameter value. (Usually returns a boolean value.) mod Calculates the integer remainder of the division of a value by the parameter value. abs Calculates the absolute value of a value. cos Calculates the cosine of a value (in degrees). cosh Calculates the hyperbolic cosine of a value (in degrees). exp Calculates e raised to the specified power. log Calculates the logarithm of a value. log10 Calculates the base 10 logarithm of a value. sin Calculates the sine of a value (in degrees). sinh Calculates the hyperbolic sine of a value (in degrees). sqrt Calculates the square root of a value. tan Calculates the tangent of a value. tanh Calculates the hyperbolic tangent of a value. rand Sets the current value to a random integer less than the specified value and greater than or equal to zero (0). Defining a Calculation Fields View To define a Calculation value: In the dropdown list for the appropriate property, click Calculation . Specify each step in the calculation: In the Op list, click the operator. For a description of operators, see Calculation Operators . The first operator in any equation must be = . Enter the Value . You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. (Optional) In the Round list at the end of each line, click the appropriate rounding for the calculation. (Optional) Highlight steps to be grouped in the calculation, and then click the Group button . Ignoring a Calculation Fields View A ManuScript can include a decision as to whether or not a calculation is performed. The calculation may not be pertinent in some situations, and you may wish to use a value other than the calculation result. When you select the Ignore calculation when check box, the ManuScript checks a condition before processing the calculation and then determines whether to use the value of the calculation or another value. For example, you only need to compute a premium if a particular coverage is requested. To limit when a calculation is performed: Select the Ignore calculation when check box to specify conditions for the calculation. Click CB to use the Condition Builder dialog box to specify the conditions under which the calculation should be ignored. In set the value to , enter the value to be used when the calculation is ignored. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Calculation Rounding Options Fields View You can use the following rounding options. As a rule, the digits 1, 2, 3, and 4 round down and 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9 round up. Option Description Dollar (1) Rounds to the nearest whole number. FiftyCents (.50) Rounds to the nearest .0, .5 or 1.00. Quarter (.25) Rounds to the nearest .0, .25, .5, .75, or 1.00. TwentyCents (.20) Rounds to the nearest .0, .2, .4, .6, .8, or 1.00. Dime (.10) Rounds to the nearest tenth. Nickel (.05) Rounds to the nearest .00 or .05. Penny (.01) Rounds to the nearest hundredth. 3-digits Rounds to the nearest thousandth. 4-digits Rounds to the nearest ten-thousandth. 5-digits Rounds to the nearest hundred-thousandth. 10s Rounds to the nearest ten. 100s Rounds to the nearest hundred. 1000s Rounds to the nearest thousand. Truncate Removes all digits after the decimal without any rounding. Original whole number remains. Trunc(10s) Removes all digits after the tenths place without rounding. Trunc(100s) Removes all digits after the hundredths place without rounding. Trunc(1000s) Removes all digits after the thousandths place without rounding. RoundUp Rounds up to the nearest whole number. RoundDown Rounds down to the nearest whole number.