Setting Field Descriptors Setting Field Descriptors Save Page to .PDF Fields View The EXAMPLE Platform ® contains a Descriptors feature that enables ManuScript developers to flag fields for specific purposes. Fields can be assigned any descriptor and are searchable by their assigned descriptor. Out of the box, the EXAMPLE Platform ® recognizes the following descriptors. The following descriptors are available for preliminary implementation with the 8/10/2011 release of EXAMPLE Platform ® 4.3. However, the full rating functionality required to use these descriptors during audit processing is  targeted for a subsequent release. Descriptor Types and Purposes Type Description Audit:Indicator Identifies whether a specific coverage is auditable. This descriptor should be applied to an integer field that has the values of 0 , 1 , or 2 , and can be used in conjunction with the Auditable indicator on WrittenPrem fields to enable exposures to be auditable only during specific scenarios. A field labeled with the Audit:Indicator descriptor needs to reside under the same public group as the related field labeled with the Audit:Exposure descriptor. The two fields can reside in separate private groups as long as they share a parent GUID. The options are: 0 — Non-auditable 1 — Auditable Exposure (such as a monetary amount) 2 — Auditable Units (such as the number of employees) Because a boolean only returns a value of 0 or 1 , you must use an integer field. Audit:Segment Identifies a field that should cause an audit segment to occur. A change to fields marked with this descriptor during a transaction (such as an endorsement) will flag the transaction as one that causes a new segment to occur. Audit:Exposure Identifies auditable exposure fields. This descriptor is used by EXAMPLE Server ® to determine which values need to be collected for each segment during an audit transaction. A field labeled with the Audit:Exposure descriptor needs to reside under the same public group as the related field labeled with the Audit:Indicator descriptor. The two fields can reside in separate private groups as long as they share a parent GUID. They must live under the same public group. Audit: A custom value, defined by the ManuScript developer, used to identify additional information to be used during audit processing. EXAMPLE Server ® does not use this data out of the box. It can be used, however, in custom ManuScript logic. For example, it could be used to identify the fields that capture original exposure estimates for display during an audit transaction. To define a custom audit value: Enter Audit: , and then enter a caption for the custom descriptor. For example, Audit:Estimate . The caption entered for the custom descriptor must be a valid XML name.