Creating Tables Creating Tables Save Page to .PDF In EXAMPLE Author ® , you can create three types of tables: Regular tables that contain values corresponding to table keys Conditional tables that contain values determined by specified conditions External tables that contain data not included in the ManuScript You can also import external tables or map the XML of a ManuScript to import Excel data. Creating a Regular Table Tables View To create a regular table: Click the New Table button . You can also: • On the Edit menu, click New Table . • Right-click the Tables list, and then click New Table . • Press CTRL+A. Complete the Table Properties dialog box: Enter a Name for the table. The name cannot exist as a field or group name in the current or base ManuScript. Enter the Data Names . Enter one or more items to retrieve from the table. (Optional) Enter the Class for the table. Classes are a way to select certain tables. Click OK . The Key Properties dialog box appears. Complete the Key Properties dialog: Enter a Key Name . The Key Name identifies the data to be passed into the table. In the Span list, click Row , Column , or Page . The Span refers to the way you search for data in the table. You can search down the rows, across the columns, or across pages, which appear as tabs in the display. In the Search Type list, click the appropriate search type. The Search Type defines the way to look up the data. The default method is = . Other options are > , < , >= , <= , Range Check , Interpolated , and Graduated . For more information on search types, see Key Search Types . In the Data Type list, click the appropriate data type. Data types can be Boolean , Currency , Date , Datetime , Float , Int , String , or Time . Enter the Key Values to be used in the table. These are the values that can potentially be passed into the table by the lookup field. Click OK . Enter the table data. You can enter the information directly into the table, or cut and paste it from a table in a different program, such as Microsoft Excel or Microsoft Word. You can manipulate the size of the cells in the table by dragging the cell borders. After you build a table, you must create a lookup field to access the information from the table. For more information, see Lookup . Creating a Conditional Table Tables View To create a conditional table: On the Edit menu, click New Condition Table . You can also: Right-click the Tables list, and then click New Condition Table . In the Get Group for this Table dialog box, click the group level for the table, and then click OK . The group level for the table is important for conditional tables because the table checks the condition by looking for the value of the field at the level where the table is placed. Complete the Table Properties dialog box: Enter a Name for the table. The name cannot exist as a field or group name in the current ManuScript or a base ManuScript. Enter the Data Names . Enter one or more items to retrieve from the table. (Optional) Enter the Class for the table. Classes are a way to select certain tables. (Optional) Click Always execute . This causes the table to always execute, even if not called from a field. Click OK . The main Table pane displays cells in which you can define conditions. These cells default to 1, which indicates True and is used if no condition must be met to retrieve the corresponding value from the table. Edit the conditions for all condition cells. Right-click the condition cell. Click Edit Condition . Use the Condition Builder dialog box to define the condition. Enter data values into the cells of the table. You can manipulate the size of the cells in the table by dragging the cell borders. After you build a table, you must create a lookup field to access the information from the table. For more information, see Lookup . Creating an External Table When you create an external Table in EXAMPLE Author ® , you define a link to an external database. The ManuScript can read the data from the external table, but cannot write data to it. You can create an external table using: An ODBC data source A data service Creating an External Table Using an ODBC Data Source Tables View You can create an external table using an ODBC data source such as a Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, or Microsoft SQL 2005 file. To create an external table using an ODBC data source: On the Edit menu, click New External Table . You can also: Right-click the Tables list, and then click New External Table . In the Get Group for this Table dialog box, click the group level for the table, and then click OK . Complete the Table Properties dialog box: Enter a Name for the table. The name cannot exist as a field or group name in the current ManuScript or a base ManuScript. Enter the Data Names . Enter one or more items to retrieve from the table. (Optional) Enter the Class for the table. Classes are a way to select certain tables. (Optional) Click Always execute . This causes the table to always execute, even if not called from a field. Click OK . In the External Source list, click ODBC Data Source . (Optional) Select the Preview table check box to view a preview of the table information. In the Table/View Name text box, enter the table name. In the Data Source text box, enter the appropriate data source name, and then click Next . Define the keys for the table: Enter a Key Name . In the Data Type list, click the appropriate data type. In the Find list, click the method to find the key in the external table. (Optional) Enter an External Name for each key. (Optional) Select the Use Default check box and enter a default value for the table. After you build a table, you must create a lookup field to access the information from the table. For more information, see Lookup . Creating an External Table Using a Data Service Tables View To add an external table in EXAMPLE Author ® : On the Edit menu, click New External Table . You can also: Right-click the Tables list, and then click New External Table . In the Get Group for this table dialog box, click the group level for the table, and then click OK . Complete the Table Properties dialog box: Enter a Name for the table. The name cannot exist as a field or group name in the current ManuScript or a base ManuScript. Enter the Data Names . You can enter one or more items to retrieve from the table. (Optional) Enter the Class for the table. You can define classes as a way to select certain tables. (Optional) Click Always execute . This causes the table to always execute even if not called from a field. Click OK . In the External Source list, click Data Service . In the Data Service list, click dataSet or dataKey . (Optional) Click View Catalog to select a data service file, which will fill the Data Name and appropriate Key Name text boxes. Enter the Data Name . Click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference, or specify a value. The name entered here is the source entered in the SELECT clause of the SQL query string passed to the ODBC driver. Define the keys for the table. For each key: Enter the Key Name . Click the Data Type . Click the method to Find the key in the external table. (Optional) Enter the External Name . After you build a table, you must create a lookup field to access the information from the table. For more information, see Lookup . Demoting or Reverting An Inherited Table Tables View To demote or revert an inherited table: In the tables list, click the table. Click the Demote/Revert button . You can also: • On the Edit menu, click Demote/Revert Table • Right-click the Tables list, and then click Demote/Revert Table . In the Confirm dialog box, click Yes to confirm Demote/Revert Table or No to cancel. The contents of the table reverts to the original state. Importing Tables from Another ManuScript Tables View To import tables from another ManuScript: On the File menu, click Import . The Import Wizard dialog box appears. Click Catalog . The ManuScript Catalog dialog box appears. Click the ManuScript from which to import tables, and then click OK . Click Import Tables , and then click Next . The tables in the selected ManuScript are displayed in the Select the item(s) to import list. Click the tables to import, and then click Next . The tables you selected are listed. Tables that you selected in the previous display that already exist in the current ManuScript are not selected for importing. You can clear any element you do not want to import by clearing the check box. You can force the importation of an element you already have in the current ManuScript by selecting an unselected check box or by clicking Select All . Click Finish . All selected tables are imported into the ManuScript. Working with Microsoft Excel Files Tables View Excel files can be imported into EXAMPLE Author ® or they may be accessed externally at runtime. Files may be imported into EXAMPLE Author ® by importing specific spreadsheet tables, or by mapping ManuScript XML. Files may be accessed externally at runtime through a user-specified data provider connection. The following table outlines some of the benefits of each method of working with Excel files. Method Benefits XML Mapping One-time import of large amounts of data. Share existing data without creating new tables in EXAMPLE Author ® . Large risk schedules can be imported from external data sources. Importing an External Table Share existing data without creating new tables in EXAMPLE Author ® Quick access to easily specified data within a spreadsheet Data Provider Connection Real-time access to immediately referenceable and updated data. Continued use of the existing file as a data source. Quick access to data following the initial creation of a data source name. Flexibility through programmatic mapping at runtime. If the data being accessed is efficiently managed in an Excel spreadsheet, it is recommended that you create a table in EXAMPLE Author ® to manage the data more reliably. Mapping XML to Import Excel Files To map XML to import Excel files, server requests are coordinated and called from a ManuScript. Tables must be imported into fields or groups, and columns must be collected. To import tables into a field or group: Create a field named TriggerExcelData outside the repeating group to import. Create a public group named Upload as a child of the data group. Create a public group named Mapping as a child of the Upload group. Add a private group and field named UploadInput . Add a private group and field named UploadPrivate . To collect specific columns, create a public group named Mapping as a child of the Upload group. For each column of data you wish to import, create another public group with the word Map prepended to the field name. (Optional) Repeat step 1 for each column of data you wish to import. (Optional) If this group represents data that will also have a value map section to match existing dropdown options, include [@valueMap=&quot;1&quot;] as part of the path attribute. Each of these public groups has one field that describes the mapping of the field information to the column in the Excel spreadsheet using the <ExcelImport.inferValueRq> request. On the Column field, do the following: Set the Default value to be the same as the column name on the spreadsheet. Set the Caption value to be the same as the column name on the spreadsheet. In the Value list, click Request , and then add <ExcelImport.inferValueRq> request to load the column name. The response path of this request should be @column . The first parameter for this request specifies the spreadsheet file name and location. The second parameter specifies the type of data in this column of the spreadsheet. This request identifies which column of the spreadsheet to use for the import. Add an Options setting of <ExcelImport.getColumnNamesRq> request with the following values: A response path columns/column Value item @name Caption item @caption. This loads the data of the column whose name is in the Caption attribute of this field. The Default value and the Caption value of the map field must be identical, and these values should also be identical to the Caption value of the target data field. To specify what data to import from the spreadsheet, do the following: Duplicate the Map group created in step 3 of the import tables into a field or group so that there is one group per column on the spreadsheet to be imported. Make any necessary changes to the group path, Default or Caption values, and the <ExcelImport.inferValueRq> request parameters. Specify which data fields should be populated with the imported values that have been specified. Each of the data item fields must have the identical path value as the column name on the spreadsheet. On the TriggerExcelData field created in step 1, add a pre-effect field for each column field that has been added. On the page where the data is to be loaded, in the Execute field data.TriggerExcelData , set Execute ManuScript to Calculate and Accept to make the execute field available. Insert an Action and the following three requests: <ExcelImport.getcolumnnamesRq> request <ExcelImport.importvaluesRq> request <ExcelImport.importdataRq> request Add a response path identifying where to put the data to the <ExcelImport.importdataRq> request. Add the data fields specified in step f. To view examples of the XML mapped to import Excel files, click here . Importing an External Table from Excel Tables View You may create a new table by importing a table from an external database or from an Excel spreadsheet. Once imported, you can read or write data in the new table. To import an external table: In Excel, specify a Named Range for the appropriate workbook that includes that data that will be the target data for the import, and save the workbook. In EXAMPLE Author ® , on the Edit menu, click Import External Table . You can also: Right-click the Tables list, and then click Import External Table . The Table Import Wizard dialog box appears. In the Data Source Name list, click the appropriate data source name, and then click Next . If the appropriate data source is not listed, click DSN , and then browse to the desired data source. If you have not set up the file source data name, click the ODBC Administration panel link to open the ODBC Data Source Administration dialog box to set up a data source. For more information on setting up a file source data name, see Defining an ODBC File Data Source Name . In the Table View/Name list, click the table name, and then click Next . Define the new table by selecting appropriate columns in the spreadsheet to specify the table rows, columns, and data fields to import. You must select at least one row key and one data name. Click Finish . The new table appears in the Tables list. Using a Data Provider Connection Tables View The rating engine can access external database tables at runtime through ODBC, using the Microsoft ADO components. This facility is designed to allow the rating calculations to access legacy data that is not maintained within a ManuScript. The ManuScript includes a query defined for each data element needed from the external data source and retrieves the values at runtime. For the engine to access the tables through ODBC, you must define a data source on the machine that is performing the rating. The data source can be a: DSN ODBC source Connection with no DSN specifying the database file and driver to be used for the connection Using a DSN data source in the ManuScript is recommended to allow an abstraction layer between a named data source and the actual location and name of the database. To use a DSN data source, use the ODBC Data Source Administrator to setup a system or file-based DSN. The DSN connection is specified in a data source file that is created using the ODBC Data Source Administrator tool (accessible from the Windows Start menu). The default path for this tool is: Settings/Control Panel/Administrative Tools/Data Sources (ODBC). The user must specify a DSN connection, save the XML file, and then point to the saved file location using the specified DSN connection. Because the process for creating a DSN connection varies depending on the version of Windows used, click the Windows Help menu for assistance.