Fields Fields Save Page to .PDF You can add or remove fields and define field properties. Adding a Field Page Designer View To add a field: Click the appropriate section, table, or grid widget. Click the Insert Field button . The Reference Select dialog box appears. You can also: Press CTRL+A. Click the field, and then click OK . Define the properties for the field. Deleting a Field Page Designer View To delete a field: Select the field you wish to delete from the page. Click the Delete button . Defining Field Properties Page Designer View To define a field, you specify the following properties. Property Description General Caption Override Caption to override the field caption on the rendered page. Compute Value Indication of whether to compute the field when it is displayed. Refresh Page on Change Indication of whether to refresh the page when the field changes. Advanced Read Only Specification of whether the field should be read-only. Rules specified here apply in addition to read-only rules specified in the field definition. The page-level Read-Only Content property overrides this field-level property. Hide Field Specification of when to hide the field. Hover Help Indication to display annotations when the cursor hovers over the field instead of linking the field caption to the annotation. The Hover Help property defined at the page level overrides the Hover Help property defined at the field level. Clear If Zero Indication of whether to force any int or float fields with a value of 0 to blank. Display Field Caption Style CSS styles to apply to the field caption. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Field Style CSS styles to apply to the field value when it is read-only. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Caption Icon CSS styles to apply to the caption icon. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Watermark CSS styles to apply to a watermark. Styles apply according to CSS inheritance rules. Truncate value if too long CSS styles to apply to force a value to be cut off and replaced with ellipses and a tooltip if the field or value text extends outside the width of its parent element. Truncate label if too long CSS styles to apply to force a label to be cut off and replaced with ellipses and a tooltip if the field or label text extends outside the width of its parent element. In addition to defining the above properties, you can also define options for displaying the field in a rating worksheet. Click Worksheet Options to open the Worksheet Options dialog box and define display options. The Worksheet Options button only appears if the Include Worksheet Data property is defined at the page level. Setting the Caption Override Property Page Designer View The Caption Override property specifies a caption to override the caption of the field. To set the value of the Caption Override property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Caption Override . Enter the caption. Setting the Compute Value Property Page Designer View The Compute Value property indicates whether to compute the field when it is displayed. To set the value of the Compute Value property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Compute Value . In the Compute Value list, click False or True . Setting the Refresh Page on Change Property Page Designer View The Refresh Page on Change property indicates whether to refresh the page when the field changes. To set the value of the Refresh Page on Change property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Refresh Page on Change . In the Refresh Page on Change list, click False or True . Setting the Read Only Property Page Designer View The Read Only property specifies whether the field should be read-only. Rules specified here apply in addition to read-only rules specified in the field definition. The page-level Read-Only Content property overrides this field-level property. To set the value of the Read Only property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Read Only . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Read Only text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Hide Field Property Page Designer View The Hide Field property specifies when to hide the field. To set the value of the Hide Field property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Hide Field . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Hide Field text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Hover Help Property Page Designer View The Hover Help property specifies whether to display annotations when the cursor hovers over a field instead of linking the field caption to the annotation. The Hover Help property defined at the page level overrides the Hover Help property defined at the field level. To set the value of the Hover Help property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Hover Help . In the Hover Help list, click Yes or No . Setting the Clear If Zero Property Page Designer View The Clear If Zero property indicates whether to force any int or float fields with a value of 0 to blank. To set the value of the Clear If Zero property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Clear If Zero . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Clear If Zero text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Field Caption Style Property Page Designer View The Field Caption Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to the field caption. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned. Styles will be applied according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Field Caption Style property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Field Caption Style . To the right of the Field Caption Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles. Setting the Field Style Property Page Designer View The Field Style property specifies the CSS styles to apply to the field value when it is read-only. Styles specified in this property will override any global CSS styles assigned. Styles will be applied according to CSS inheritance rules. To set the value of the Field Style property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Field Style . To the right of the Field Style text box, click the CSS button to use the CSS Selector dialog box to select the desired styles. Setting the Caption Icon Property Page Designer View The Caption Icon property is used to bring attention to specific fields. To set the value of the Caption Icon property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Caption Icon . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Caption icon text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Watermark Property Page Designer View The Watermark property is used to insert faded text on a text box when it is empty. Once focus is set on the field containing the watermark, the watermark disappears. To set the value of the Watermark property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Watermark . Specify a value, or, to the right of the Watermark text box, click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a boolean field. Setting the Truncate Value if Too Long Property Page Designer View The Truncate Value if Too Long property forces a value to be cut off and replaced with ellipses and a tooltip if the field or value text extends outside the width of its parent element. The parent element must have a defined width. To set the value of the Truncate Value if Too Long property: Click the field. On the Definition tab, click Truncate Value if Too Long . Specify a value of True or False .