Substring Substring Save Page to .PDF With a Substring value type, you create a new string value by extracting a portion of a source string. You can select a substring starting at a specified position or from a delimited list. Defining a Substring Starting at a Specified Position Fields View When you extract a substring starting at a specified position, the new value contains the number of characters, determined by the Length , beginning at the specified start position. To define a Substring starting at a specified position: In the dropdown list for the appropriate property, click Substring . In the Search Method area, click Start at Position . Enter the Source String . You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Enter the Start Position . You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Enter the Length of the substring. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. If the length is longer than the initial string, only the remaining portion of the string is returned. Defining a Substring Using a Delimited List Fields View When you extract a substring using a delimited list, the new value contains the characters that appear between the specified delimiters in the position indicated within the string. To define a Substring using a delimited list: In the dropdown list for the appropriate property, click Substring . In the Search Method area, click Delimited List . Enter the Source String . You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Enter the Separator Character . You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference. Enter the Position in List for the substring. You can enter a constant value or click the Ellipsis button to use the Reference Select dialog box to select a field reference.