Filing a Claim: Call to get started - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Claims Don’t worry, we’ve got your back If your business is ever faced with a fire, flood, data breach or even a lawsuit, will you know who to call? Which of your insurers would you need to contact? With THREE, it’s never a question. When your business is covered by one comprehensive policy you always know who to call. Short on time? File your claim online. Worker's Compensation Claim Property, Auto, or Liability Claim If something happened or you need to file a claim, Call 1-800-507-4495 If you are concerned about a potential issue or have questions regarding your insurance coverage, don’t hesitate to call. The faster you act, the more we may be able to help your business avoid further losses. Filing A Claim With THREE Call One phone call is all it takes to get started. After your first call, we will assign an account manager to handle the claim. The account manager will be your single point of contact throughout the claim process—no need to call different insurers. Working with our account managers Our expert account managers will gather information about what happened, discuss your coverage, and identify restorative actions. Whether the case involves an ongoing incident, such as a cyberattack or a concluded incident like a fire, our account managers will help secure necessary services during processing and beyond. Service throughout No business can afford to be out of commission. Our account managers will work with you to secure what you need to keep your business moving forward. Facilities Legal help Services Equipment Claim updates, anytime Waiting can be the hardest part. Our account managers will keep you informed about the progress of a claim every step of the way. And if you need a status update, you can still give them a call at any time. Settlement We don’t believe in dragging our feet. Once we have determined that a claim is covered, we believe resolution should be fast, fair, reliable, and prompt. And you can take comfort in knowing your policy is backed by the financial strength and expertise of Berkshire Hathaway. If a claim requires payment to a repair service, lawyer, or other third party, we may pay them directly. If a claim requires payment to your business for a direct loss, we will send a check directly to you. Read Claims Faqs Regardless of whether your business is faced with theft, damage, or a liability concern, your first priority should be safety. If it’s an emergency or if a crime has been committed, call 911. As soon as you’re ready, call us at 1-800-507-4495 or file your claim online. THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn