Commercial Auto Insurance - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Commercial Auto Insurance Essential protection for your vehicles and drivers Whether you use your vehicles to make deliveries, travel between job sites, or shuttle passengers, you can be sure that THREE will protect your vehicles while on the road and your business as a whole–all in a single, straightforward policy. Why do I need commercial auto insurance? Businesses that operate vehicles are typically required to carry commercial auto insurance. Commercial auto insurance is crucial to protect your business from the expenses that arise if you or your employees are involved in an accident while on the job. Personal auto insurance won’t cover accidents that occur while you’re driving for business. If you or your employees drive for work, your business likely needs a commercial auto insurance policy. A THREE policy automatically includes commercial auto insurance so you don’t have to purchase additional policies to protect your vehicles and drivers. Commercial Auto Insurance covers: Comprehensive Covers costs of repair if your insured business vehicle is damaged from non-collision causes such as theft, weather, vandalism, or fire. Collision Helps pay to repair or replace your business vehicle if it is damaged in an accident. Auto Liability Provides financial protection if you or an employee is at fault in an accident where bodily injury or property damage occurs. With a single comprehensive policy, THREE protects your business if it makes professional mistakes. Get a Quote Broad coverage for your business THREE's broad coverage can protect against these potential gaps that are often missed in traditional commercial auto policies: Hired & Non-Owned Auto Liability If you or your employees rent, lease, or borrow a vehicle for business, you often need additional coverage to protect them and the vehicles you are renting (and do not own). Cargo Liability Coverage that is designed for carriers such as trucks that transport your business’ goods. Tools & Equipment Helps pay for the cost of replacement of tools and equipment if someone steals from your company car or truck. Workers’ Compensation If your drivers or employees get injured in an accident while driving for business, workers’ compensation will cover the resulting medical expenses and lost income. THREE is different. One policy, one bill, one call to file a claim. Coverage with a typical Commercial Auto policy Coverage with THREE’s comprehensive policy All the coverage your business needs, all in one comprehensive policy. Instead of selling different types of policies to cover different parts of your business, we offer one policy to cover your entire business - your operations, your people and your property. Get a Quote Dining, Hospitality & Entertainment Dining, Hospitality & Entertainment Restaurants & Taverns Casual Dining Catering Fine Dining Food Trucks & Carts Quick Service & Takeout Restaurants Snack Bars Bars Brewpubs Cocktail Lounges Taverns Wine Bars Travel & Hospitality → Bed & Breakfasts Event planning Hotels Inns Motels Travel Agencies Learn More Travel & Hospitality Entertainment Billiard Halls Bowling Alleys Cinemas Comedy Clubs Event planning Mini Golf Museums & Galleries Ticket Agencies Landscaping, Maintenance & Janitorial Landscaping, Maintenance & Janitorial Cleaning & Janitorial Services → Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning Commercial Cleaning Construction Clean up Facility Management Home & Office Cleaning Laundry & Dry Cleaning Outdoor Cleaning Restoration Services Learn More Cleaning & Janitorial Services Landscaping Arborists Equipment Operation Groundskeeping Hardscape Technicians Irrigation Specialists Landscape Design & Architecture Lawn Care Maintenance Tree Trimming & Removal Property Management Building Operations Caretaker Condo/Co-op Operations Property Maintenance Technology & Creative Services Technology & Creative Services Technology Services Application Service Provider Computer Hardware Engineering Computer Network Development Computer Programming & Design Consulting Data Processing Database Design IT Project Management IT Software Training Services Network & Systems Administration Software & App Development Web Development Creative Services → Advertising & Public Relations Architects & Draftsman Consulting Digital & Direct Marketing Direct Mail Services Graphic & Web Design Interior Decorating & Design Market Research Media & Social Media Photography & Illustration Printing & Publishing Procurement Consulting Search Engine Services (SEO/SEM) Learn More Creative Services Trades, Repair & Construction Trades, Repair & Construction Trade Contractors → Carpenters Drywallers Electricians Glazers Ironworkers Locksmith Masons & Bricklayers Painters Plumbers Learn More Trade Contractors Construction Handyman Services Home Remodeling & Renovation Home Repairs Property Restoration Real Estate Fix and Flip Installation & Repair Alarm & Security Systems Appliances Audio / Visual Fencing Machine Repair Office Equipment Repair Vending Machine Services Window Treatments Get a Quote Frequently Asked Questions What if I need specialty coverages that are unique to my industry? Accountants need coverage for accidental errors and omissions, wine bars need coverage for liquor liability, and truckers need coverage for their cargo. Every small business has different needs. THREE provides broad coverage to address the typical needs of small businesses across a wide variety of industries. Other providers offer a countless assortment of supplemental policies and optional coverages or endorsements which, even if inexpensive, still need to be added. If you don’t pick the right ones, your business won’t have the coverage it should. We believe the coverage your business needs should be included, not hidden away in optional endorsements you need to request. If for any reason you think your needs may not be covered by our policy, call us at 1-800-507-4495 to speak with a Small Business Advisor. How can I compare this policy with what I have today? THREE has created insurance that is clear and straightforward. Our policy is also completely new, which makes it hard to compare against the standard jumble of jargon-filled policies from other providers. That’s why our Small Business Advisors have been trained to decipher and compare insurance policies. Just gather your current policies and call 1-800-507-4495. We’ll help you compare and see the big picture. In most cases, the biggest difference is that THREE covers you for a far broader array of risks — real risks that affect your business – than your existing policies. This broader coverage means better protection and value for your business. Why don’t any other companies offer a policy like this? Insurance companies are conservative by nature. Most are not looking to rock the boat or try something new (unlike many small businesses), so they keep selling the same kind of insurance the same way they did 50 years ago. Berkshire Hathaway decided it was time for a change to better meet the needs of today’s small businesses. How long will the quote process take? Depending on the complexity of your business and the number of vehicles and locations you have, it should take about 15 minutes to get your quote over the phone. We don’t need to complete the quote process all at once, we can always save your information and pick up where you left off at a later time. What are our customers saying? ­Really making a difference This has been a long journey and a big risk to start my dream and with the help of your team, I am making my dream come true! Thank you guys so much for your help and being so nice and making this an experience I'll never forget. Thank you 5 stars James S. ” Very reasonable and easy to deal with Filled out an application online and ended up calling to speak with a representative and had a very positive experience with the rep I spoke with. I chose to get liability insurance and workers comp all at a very affordable rate and within 10 minutes. all in all honestly a great experience. thank you 5 stars Timothy Q. ” So Easy I needed a quote and a policy FAST. I had to move locations and needed a new policy ASAP. I was closed and would not be able to open back up without a active policy. Mike called me and walked through the estimate, taking the time to explain anything I had questions about and also found me some savings. I had a policy up and running the next day!! 5 stars Mark M. ” Read More Reviews THREE protects your entire business with one comprehensive policy. Ready to get started? Get a Quote THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn