Commercial Property Insurance - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Play Video Commercial Property Insurance Any business worth building is worth protecting. Every business faces the risk of damage to their property, which is why most business owners buy Property Insurance. THREE protects your business from all kinds of property damage - fire, theft, and even flood. All in a single, straightforward policy. Why do I need Commercial Property Insurance? THREE’s Commercial Property Insurance protects businesses’ inventory, equipment, furniture, and brick-and-mortar structures. Even if you don’t own the building out of which your business operates, your landlord may require that you insure the property.

THREE's policy offers better protection than typical property insurance. Typical business insurance only protects your property if it is within a certain distance from your premises - often excluding damage from flood or employee theft. THREE’s straightforward coverage means your property is protected, no matter where it's located, and from all the natural elements. Traditional Property Insurance covers: Buildings and structures A tree falls on your shop’s roof Furniture, supplies, and inventory Your warehouse or storeroom suffers damage from a fire for example Computers, tools, and equipment You need to replace and repair damaged equipment With a single comprehensive policy, THREE protects your business against a variety of risks to your business property. Get a Quote Potential Gaps in Protection Protecting your entire business goes beyond what traditional property insurance covers. Business owners often need to purchase additional coverage for: Flood & Water Damage Helps cover the costs of repair, replacement, and restoration of property damaged by flooding. Wind & Hail Protects your buildings and property from damage caused by windstorms and hail. Employee Theft & Dishonesty Recovers the cost of stolen items and even theft by your employees. Equipment Breakdown and Spoilage Helps cover the cost of spoiled inventory, the cost to repair and replace damaged equipment, and lost income. Fire Helps cover the cost to restore and replace property damaged by fire Inland Marine Covers your business equipment and materials that are being shipped “inland” by automobiles, trucks, and trains. THREE is different. One policy, one bill, one call to file a claim. Coverage with a typical Commercial Property policy Coverage with THREE’s comprehensive policy All the coverage your business needs, all in one comprehensive policy. Instead of selling different types of policies to cover different parts of your business, we offer one policy to cover your entire business - your operations, your people and your property. Get a Quote Dining, Hospitality & Entertainment Dining, Hospitality & Entertainment Restaurants & Taverns Casual Dining Catering Fine Dining Food Trucks & Carts Quick Service & Takeout Restaurants Snack Bars Bars Brewpubs Cocktail Lounges Taverns Wine Bars Travel & Hospitality → Bed & Breakfasts Event planning Hotels Inns Motels Travel Agencies Learn More Travel & Hospitality Entertainment Billiard Halls Bowling Alleys Cinemas Comedy Clubs Event planning Mini Golf Museums & Galleries Ticket Agencies Landscaping, Maintenance & Janitorial Landscaping, Maintenance & Janitorial Cleaning & Janitorial Services → Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning Commercial Cleaning Construction Clean up Facility Management Home & Office Cleaning Laundry & Dry Cleaning Outdoor Cleaning Restoration Services Learn More Cleaning & Janitorial Services Landscaping Arborists Equipment Operation Groundskeeping Hardscape Technicians Irrigation Specialists Landscape Design & Architecture Lawn Care Maintenance Tree Trimming & Removal Property Management Building Operations Caretaker Condo/Co-op Operations Property Maintenance Technology & Creative Services Technology & Creative Services Technology Services Application Service Provider Computer Hardware Engineering Computer Network Development Computer Programming & Design Consulting Data Processing Database Design IT Project Management IT Software Training Services Network & Systems Administration Software & App Development Web Development Creative Services → Advertising & Public Relations Architects & Draftsman Consulting Digital & Direct Marketing Direct Mail Services Graphic & Web Design Interior Decorating & Design Market Research Media & Social Media Photography & Illustration Printing & Publishing Procurement Consulting Search Engine Services (SEO/SEM) Learn More Creative Services Trades, Repair & Construction Trades, Repair & Construction Trade Contractors → Carpenters Drywallers Electricians Glazers Ironworkers Locksmith Masons & Bricklayers Painters Plumbers Learn More Trade Contractors Construction Handyman Services Home Remodeling & Renovation Home Repairs Property Restoration Real Estate Fix and Flip Installation & Repair Alarm & Security Systems Appliances Audio / Visual Fencing Machine Repair Office Equipment Repair Vending Machine Services Window Treatments Get a Quote Frequently Asked Questions What if I need specialty coverages that are unique to my industry? Accountants need coverage for accidental errors and omissions, wine bars need coverage for liquor liability, and truckers need coverage for their cargo. Every small business has different needs. THREE provides broad coverage to address the typical needs of small businesses across a wide variety of industries. Other providers offer a countless assortment of supplemental policies and optional coverages or endorsements which, even if inexpensive, still need to be added. If you don’t pick the right ones, your business won’t have the coverage it should. We believe the coverage your business needs should be included, not hidden away in optional endorsements you need to request. If for any reason you think your needs may not be covered by our policy, call us at 1-800-507-4495 to speak with a Small Business Advisor. How can I compare this policy with what I have today? THREE has created insurance that is clear and straightforward. Our policy is also completely new, which makes it hard to compare against the standard jumble of jargon-filled policies from other providers. That’s why our Small Business Advisors have been trained to decipher and compare insurance policies. Just gather your current policies and call 1-800-507-4495. We’ll help you compare and see the big picture. In most cases, the biggest difference is that THREE covers you for a far broader array of risks — real risks that affect your business – than your existing policies. This broader coverage means better protection and value for your business. Why don’t any other companies offer a policy like this? Insurance companies are conservative by nature. Most are not looking to rock the boat or try something new (unlike many small businesses), so they keep selling the same kind of insurance the same way they did 50 years ago. Berkshire Hathaway decided it was time for a change to better meet the needs of today’s small businesses. How long will the quote process take? Depending on the complexity of your business and the number of vehicles and locations you have, it should take about 15 minutes to get your quote over the phone. We don’t need to complete the quote process all at once, we can always save your information and pick up where you left off at a later time. What are our customers saying? ­Really making a difference This has been a long journey and a big risk to start my dream and with the help of your team, I am making my dream come true! Thank you guys so much for your help and being so nice and making this an experience I'll never forget. Thank you 5 stars James S. ” Very reasonable and easy to deal with Filled out an application online and ended up calling to speak with a representative and had a very positive experience with the rep I spoke with. I chose to get liability insurance and workers comp all at a very affordable rate and within 10 minutes. all in all honestly a great experience. thank you 5 stars Timothy Q. ” So Easy I needed a quote and a policy FAST. I had to move locations and needed a new policy ASAP. I was closed and would not be able to open back up without a active policy. Mike called me and walked through the estimate, taking the time to explain anything I had questions about and also found me some savings. I had a policy up and running the next day!! 5 stars Mark M. ” Read More Reviews THREE protects your entire business with one comprehensive policy. Ready to get started? Get a Quote THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn