Cyber Liability Insurance - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Play Video Cyber Liability Insurance Guard your business against data breaches, hacks, fraudulent activity, and more THREE’s Cyber Liability Coverage protects businesses against phishing or ransomware attacks, stolen customer data, or compromised software or hacks. THREE helps protect your business from the cost of legal fees, data recovery, notifying customers, and business interruption as a result of a cyber attack. Why do I need cyber liability coverage? It’s more than likely your business has an online presence. Whether you use online ordering systems, accept credit card payments, or just maintain a website for your business - the more online activity your business engages in, the more opportunities for cyber risks. A THREE policy automatically includes cyber coverage to protect your business against cyber risks. Cyber Liability Insurance covers: Data breach and cyber attack costs Helps your business recover lost data and the cost of notifying customers Business Interruption Helps pay for lost net income. Repair & Recovery Helps pay to repair or replace damaged systems and data With a single comprehensive policy, THREE protects your business against a variety of cyber risks. Get a Quote Broad coverage for your business Running even a part of your business online exposes you to risks such as fraud and phishing. That is why a THREE policy automatically includes cyber coverage and provides protection from: Phishing Attacks A hacker pretends to be your CEO and gains access to your business’ entire server by sending out fraudulent text messages to employees. Data recovery costs and ransomware demands A hacker gets hold of your data and asks for ransom in exchange. Malware attacks Malicious software gets unauthorized access to your computer systems. Data breaches A hacker accesses your customer credit card information and your business has to notify impacted customers. You may be responsible for any resulting lawsuits. Costs of hiring experts In the event of a cyberattack, you require the help of cyber legal specialists and lawyers to help answer any questions and provide guidance on recovering financial losses. Business Interruption Your computer systems get attacked, which forces you to shut down your business temporarily. THREE is different. One policy, one bill, one call to file a claim. Coverage with a typical Cyber Liability policy Coverage with THREE’s comprehensive policy All the coverage your business needs, all in one comprehensive policy. Instead of selling different types of policies to cover different parts of your business, we offer one policy to cover your entire business - your operations, your people and your property. Get a Quote Dining, Hospitality & Entertainment Dining, Hospitality & Entertainment Restaurants & Taverns Casual Dining Catering Fine Dining Food Trucks & Carts Quick Service & Takeout Restaurants Snack Bars Bars Brewpubs Cocktail Lounges Taverns Wine Bars Travel & Hospitality → Bed & Breakfasts Event planning Hotels Inns Motels Travel Agencies Learn More Travel & Hospitality Entertainment Billiard Halls Bowling Alleys Cinemas Comedy Clubs Event planning Mini Golf Museums & Galleries Ticket Agencies Landscaping, Maintenance & Janitorial Landscaping, Maintenance & Janitorial Cleaning & Janitorial Services Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning Commercial Cleaning Construction Clean up Facility Management Home & Office Cleaning Laundry & Dry Cleaning Outdoor Cleaning Restoration Services Learn More Cleaning & Janitorial Services Landscaping Arborists Equipment Operation Groundskeeping Hardscape Technicians Irrigation Specialists Landscape Design & Architecture Lawn Care Maintenance Tree Trimming & Removal Property Management Building Operations Caretaker Condo/Co-op Operations Property Maintenance Technology & Creative Services Technology & Creative Services Technology Services Application Service Provider Computer Hardware Engineering Computer Network Development Computer Programming & Design Consulting Data Processing Database Design IT Project Management IT Software Training Services Network & Systems Administration Software & App Development Web Development Creative Services → Advertising & Public Relations Architects & Draftsman Consulting Digital & Direct Marketing Direct Mail Services Graphic & Web Design Interior Decorating & Design Market Research Media & Social Media Photography & Illustration Printing & Publishing Procurement Consulting Search Engine Services (SEO/SEM) Learn More Creative Services Trades, Repair & Construction Trades, Repair & Construction Trade Contractors → Carpenters Drywallers Electricians Glazers Ironworkers Locksmith Masons & Bricklayers Painters Plumbers Learn More Trade Contractors Construction Handyman Services Home Remodeling & Renovation Home Repairs Property Restoration Real Estate Fix and Flip Installation & Repair Alarm & Security Systems Appliances Audio / Visual Fencing Machine Repair Office Equipment Repair Vending Machine Services Window Treatments Get a Quote Frequently Asked Questions What if I need specialty coverages that are unique to my industry? Accountants need coverage for accidental errors and omissions, wine bars need coverage for liquor liability, and truckers need coverage for their cargo. Every small business has different needs. THREE provides broad coverage to address the typical needs of small businesses across a wide variety of industries. Other providers offer a countless assortment of supplemental policies and optional coverages or endorsements which, even if inexpensive, still need to be added. If you don’t pick the right ones, your business won’t have the coverage it should. We believe the coverage your business needs should be included, not hidden away in optional endorsements you need to request. If for any reason you think your needs may not be covered by our policy, call us at 1-800-507-4495 to speak with a Small Business Advisor. How can I compare this policy with what I have today? THREE has created insurance that is clear and straightforward. Our policy is also completely new, which makes it hard to compare against the standard jumble of jargon-filled policies from other providers. That’s why our Small Business Advisors have been trained to decipher and compare insurance policies. Just gather your current policies and call 1-800-507-4495. We’ll help you compare and see the big picture. In most cases, the biggest difference is that THREE covers you for a far broader array of risks — real risks that affect your business – than your existing policies. This broader coverage means better protection and value for your business. Why don’t any other companies offer a policy like this? Insurance companies are conservative by nature. Most are not looking to rock the boat or try something new (unlike many small businesses), so they keep selling the same kind of insurance the same way they did 50 years ago. Berkshire Hathaway decided it was time for a change to better meet the needs of today’s small businesses. How long will the quote process take? Depending on the complexity of your business and the number of vehicles and locations you have, it should take about 15 minutes to get your quote over the phone. We don’t need to complete the quote process all at once, we can always save your information and pick up where you left off at a later time. What are our customers saying? ­Really making a difference This has been a long journey and a big risk to start my dream and with the help of your team, I am making my dream come true! Thank you guys so much for your help and being so nice and making this an experience I'll never forget. Thank you 5 stars James S. ” Very reasonable and easy to deal with Filled out an application online and ended up calling to speak with a representative and had a very positive experience with the rep I spoke with. I chose to get liability insurance and workers comp all at a very affordable rate and within 10 minutes. all in all honestly a great experience. thank you 5 stars Timothy Q. ” So Easy I needed a quote and a policy FAST. I had to move locations and needed a new policy ASAP. I was closed and would not be able to open back up without a active policy. Mike called me and walked through the estimate, taking the time to explain anything I had questions about and also found me some savings. I had a policy up and running the next day!! 5 stars Mark M. ” Read More Reviews THREE protects your entire business with one comprehensive policy. Ready to get started? Get a Quote THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn