Errors & Omissions Insurance - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Errors and Omissions Insurance Your safety net against costly mistakes THREE’s Errors & Omissions (also called Professional Liability) insurance helps protect your business from claims of negligence, such as failure to give proper advice or delivery of a faulty service. From tradespeople and IT professionals to financial advisors and project managers - everyone makes mistakes. That is why Errors & Omissions is part of THREE’s comprehensive policy. Why do I need errors and omissions coverage? Most business owners need Errors and Omissions (E&O) insurance to protect their businesses from costly expenses if they are at fault for making a professional mistake or being professionally negligent. You can prevent paying entirely out-of-pocket if you or your employees are accused of causing professional or financial harm to another person or business by having E&O insurance. Errors & Omissions Insurance Covers: Business mistakes If you are accused of making a professional mistake that causes damage to a client Claims of negligence If someone claims an error you made caused financial losses or personal harm to them Legal defense costs If you need to hire lawyers and legal specialists to defend your business against a claim of professional oversight or wrongdoing With a single comprehensive policy, THREE protects your business if it makes professional mistakes. Get a Quote Broad coverage for your business A THREE policy automatically includes errors & omissions insurance and is essential to manage the reputation of your business and help cover some of the expenses for: Legal fees A client takes you to court because they claim that your professional oversights caused them financial losses on a project. You have done everything correctly, but have to fight a legal battle and pay hefty lawyer fees. Failure to give correct advice A client whose property you are working on claims you made errors during construction that cost them thousands of extra dollars. They sue you and you have to defend yourself in a lawsuit. Your THREE policy could cover some of these expenses. Professional mistakes One of your accountants incorrectly performs a financial statement analysis for a client.  Your THREE policy could help you defend your mistake. THREE is different. One policy, one bill, one call to file a claim. Coverage with a typical Errors & Omissions policy Coverage with THREE’s comprehensive policy All the coverage your business needs, all in one comprehensive policy. Instead of selling different types of policies to cover different parts of your business, we offer one policy to cover your entire business - your operations, your people and your property. Get a Quote Dining, Hospitality & Entertainment Dining, Hospitality & Entertainment Restaurants & Taverns Casual Dining Catering Fine Dining Food Trucks & Carts Quick Service & Takeout Restaurants Snack Bars Bars Brewpubs Cocktail Lounges Taverns Wine Bars Travel & Hospitality → Bed & Breakfasts Event planning Hotels Inns Motels Travel Agencies Learn More Travel & Hospitality Entertainment Billiard Halls Bowling Alleys Cinemas Comedy Clubs Event planning Mini Golf Museums & Galleries Ticket Agencies Landscaping, Maintenance & Janitorial Landscaping, Maintenance & Janitorial Cleaning & Janitorial Services → Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning Commercial Cleaning Construction Clean up Facility Management Home & Office Cleaning Laundry & Dry Cleaning Outdoor Cleaning Restoration Services Learn More Cleaning & Janitorial Services Landscaping Arborists Equipment Operation Groundskeeping Hardscape Technicians Irrigation Specialists Landscape Design & Architecture Lawn Care Maintenance Tree Trimming & Removal Property Management Building Operations Caretaker Condo/Co-op Operations Property Maintenance Technology & Creative Services Technology & Creative Services Technology Services Application Service Provider Computer Hardware Engineering Computer Network Development Computer Programming & Design Consulting Data Processing Database Design IT Project Management IT Software Training Services Network & Systems Administration Software & App Development Web Development Creative Services → Advertising & Public Relations Architects & Draftsman Consulting Digital & Direct Marketing Direct Mail Services Graphic & Web Design Interior Decorating & Design Market Research Media & Social Media Photography & Illustration Printing & Publishing Procurement Consulting Search Engine Services (SEO/SEM) Learn More Creative Services Trades, Repair & Construction Trades, Repair & Construction Trade Contractors → Carpenters Drywallers Electricians Glazers Ironworkers Locksmith Masons & Bricklayers Painters Plumbers Learn More Trade Contractors Construction Handyman Services Home Remodeling & Renovation Home Repairs Property Restoration Real Estate Fix and Flip Installation & Repair Alarm & Security Systems Appliances Audio / Visual Fencing Machine Repair Office Equipment Repair Vending Machine Services Window Treatments Get a Quote Frequently Asked Questions What if I need specialty coverages that are unique to my industry? Accountants need coverage for accidental errors and omissions, wine bars need coverage for liquor liability, and truckers need coverage for their cargo. Every small business has different needs. THREE provides broad coverage to address the typical needs of small businesses across a wide variety of industries. Other providers offer a countless assortment of supplemental policies and optional coverages or endorsements which, even if inexpensive, still need to be added. If you don’t pick the right ones, your business won’t have the coverage it should. We believe the coverage your business needs should be included, not hidden away in optional endorsements you need to request. If for any reason you think your needs may not be covered by our policy, call us at 1-800-507-4495 to speak with a Small Business Advisor. How can I compare this policy with what I have today? THREE has created insurance that is clear and straightforward. Our policy is also completely new, which makes it hard to compare against the standard jumble of jargon-filled policies from other providers. That’s why our Small Business Advisors have been trained to decipher and compare insurance policies. Just gather your current policies and call 1-800-507-4495. We’ll help you compare and see the big picture. In most cases, the biggest difference is that THREE covers you for a far broader array of risks — real risks that affect your business – than your existing policies. This broader coverage means better protection and value for your business. Why don’t any other companies offer a policy like this? Insurance companies are conservative by nature. Most are not looking to rock the boat or try something new (unlike many small businesses), so they keep selling the same kind of insurance the same way they did 50 years ago. Berkshire Hathaway decided it was time for a change to better meet the needs of today’s small businesses. How long will the quote process take? Depending on the complexity of your business and the number of vehicles and locations you have, it should take about 15 minutes to get your quote over the phone. We don’t need to complete the quote process all at once, we can always save your information and pick up where you left off at a later time. What are our customers saying? PL and GL Insurance My experience of procuring GL and PL insurance with THREE Insurance was easy, clean, efficient, and affordable. The people I interacted with were knowledgeable and helpful. The whole experience was more enjoyable than expected. 5 stars Donald L. ” Inspired Guardian Consulting Services, LLC Excellent Process from inquiry through sign-up. Very impressed with the immediate call back and ability to answer any questions, completing the transaction and providing all supporting documents and information in a timely manner. 5 stars James S. ” Outstanding service I had a great experience with Joseph Schaaf. I was inquiring about a new general and professional liability coverage and he answered all of my questions and explained everything in detail. He followed up with me and replied on my emails in a timely manner. 5 stars Sara G. ” Fantastic Service and Professionalism Great service from Michael J and follow through by Samantha S. They were knowledgeable and extremely polite and patient. The process of enrollment was quick and the offering was better than the insurance I had previously. Highly recommend Three! 5 stars Lars K. ” Read More Reviews THREE protects your entire business with one comprehensive policy. Ready to get started? Get a Quote THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn