General Liability Business Insurance - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Play Video General Liability Business Liability coverage made for today’s small businesses General Liability is the cornerstone of small business insurance. But it is just the beginning. THREE goes beyond traditional general liability insurance by providing broad protection against different types of liability demands. All in a single, straightforward policy. The first step to protecting your business. Often the first policy a new small business owner purchases is General Liability Insurance. It is the coverage you need in the event of accidents and injuries that put your business at fault.

General Liability coverage can help cover costs if you damage someone's property (property damage) or injure another person in an accident (bodily injury). Traditional Insurance only covers: Bodily injury You injure a third party in an accident and are responsible for their medical bills. Property Damage You accidentally damage a someone’s property. Advertising injury One of your employees bad mouths one of your competitors on social media, and now they want to sue your business. With a single comprehensive policy, THREE protects your business against all these types of liability, and more. Get a Quote Potential gaps in protection There are many situations where small businesses need more than a basic General Liability policy. Businesses often must purchase additional liability coverage for: Phishing Attacks Cyber Liability An employee believes they have been wrongfully terminated and sues your business Employee Practices Liability Insurance A customer you served alcohol to gets into an accident on their way home Liquor Liability One of your employees provides inaccurate advice to a client Professional Liability/Errors & Omissions Insurance One of your employees is being harassed by a senior manager Employee Practices Liability Insurance Your contractor fails to meet deadlines and makes numerous mistakes on a project Professional Liability/Errors & Omissions Insurance THREE is different. One policy, one bill, one call to file a claim. Coverage with a typical General Liability policy Coverage with THREE’s comprehensive policy All the coverage your business needs, all in one comprehensive policy. Instead of selling different types of policies to cover different parts of your business, we offer one policy to cover your entire business - your operations, your people and your property. Get a Quote Dining, Hospitality & Entertainment Dining, Hospitality & Entertainment Restaurants & Taverns Casual Dining Catering Fine Dining Food Trucks & Carts Quick Service & Takeout Restaurants Snack Bars Bars Brewpubs Cocktail Lounges Taverns Wine Bars Travel & Hospitality → Bed & Breakfasts Event planning Hotels Inns Motels Travel Agencies Learn More Travel & Hospitality Entertainment Billiard Halls Bowling Alleys Cinemas Comedy Clubs Event planning Mini Golf Museums & Galleries Ticket Agencies Landscaping, Maintenance & Janitorial Landscaping, Maintenance & Janitorial Cleaning & Janitorial Services → Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning Commercial Cleaning Construction Clean up Facility Management Home & Office Cleaning Laundry & Dry Cleaning Outdoor Cleaning Restoration Services Learn More Cleaning & Janitorial Services Landscaping Arborists Equipment Operation Groundskeeping Hardscape Technicians Irrigation Specialists Landscape Design & Architecture Lawn Care Maintenance Tree Trimming & Removal Property Management Building Operations Caretaker Condo/Co-op Operations Property Maintenance Technology & Creative Services Technology & Creative Services Technology Services Application Service Provider Computer Hardware Engineering Computer Network Development Computer Programming & Design Consulting Data Processing Database Design IT Project Management IT Software Training Services Network & Systems Administration Software & App Development Web Development Creative Services → Advertising & Public Relations Architects & Draftsman Consulting Digital & Direct Marketing Direct Mail Services Graphic & Web Design Interior Decorating & Design Market Research Media & Social Media Photography & Illustration Printing & Publishing Procurement Consulting Search Engine Services (SEO/SEM) Learn More Creative Services Trades, Repair & Construction Trades, Repair & Construction Trade Contractors → Carpenters Drywallers Electricians Glazers Ironworkers Locksmith Masons & Bricklayers Painters Plumbers Learn More Trade Contractors Construction Handyman Services Home Remodeling & Renovation Home Repairs Property Restoration Real Estate Fix and Flip Installation & Repair Alarm & Security Systems Appliances Audio / Visual Fencing Machine Repair Office Equipment Repair Vending Machine Services Window Treatments Get a Quote Frequently Asked Questions What if I need specialty coverages that are unique to my industry? Accountants need coverage for accidental errors and omissions, wine bars need coverage for liquor liability, and truckers need coverage for their cargo. Every small business has different needs. THREE provides broad coverage to address the typical needs of small businesses across a wide variety of industries. Other providers offer a countless assortment of supplemental policies and optional coverages or endorsements which, even if inexpensive, still need to be added. If you don’t pick the right ones, your business won’t have the coverage it should. We believe the coverage your business needs should be included, not hidden away in optional endorsements you need to request. If for any reason you think your needs may not be covered by our policy, call us at 1-800-507-4495 to speak with a Small Business Advisor. How can I compare this policy with what I have today? THREE has created insurance that is clear and straightforward. Our policy is also completely new, which makes it hard to compare against the standard jumble of jargon-filled policies from other providers. That’s why our Small Business Advisors have been trained to decipher and compare insurance policies. Just gather your current policies and call 1-800-507-4495. We’ll help you compare and see the big picture. In most cases, the biggest difference is that THREE covers you for a far broader array of risks — real risks that affect your business – than your existing policies. This broader coverage means better protection and value for your business. How is this different than a Business Owner’s Policy (BOP)? The Business Owner’s Policy (BOP) was first introduced in the 1970s to address the insurance needs of 1970s small businesses. The coverage included in a BOP varies from insurer to insurer, but typically includes some carefully limited coverage for your business’s property and liability.

To achieve adequate coverage, businesses may end up combining a BOP with other policies, requiring careful examination of the fine print to avoid any unexpected gaps in coverage or costly overlaps. For example, most BOPs do not include professional liability, auto insurance, worker’s compensation, flood protection or cyber insurance.

THREE is designed to provide broad coverage tailored to the unique needs of modern businesses in a single policy – reducing the risk of unexpected gaps or coverage overlaps – and eliminates unnecessary complexity at a price lower than they would otherwise pay. Why don’t any other companies offer a policy like this? Insurance companies are conservative by nature. Most are not looking to rock the boat or try something new (unlike many small businesses), so they keep selling the same kind of insurance the same way they did 50 years ago. Berkshire Hathaway decided it was time for a change to better meet the needs of today’s small businesses. How long will the quote process take? Depending on the complexity of your business and the number of vehicles and locations you have, it should take about 15 minutes to get your quote over the phone. We don’t need to complete the quote process all at once, we can always save your information and pick up where you left off at a later time. What are our customers saying? Professional service at a fast response Got an online quote but needed some additional coverage. Shortly after I sent off the request, I received a call from the Helpdesk. A very qualified agent answered all my questions, and I had a policy in a very short time. Professional all the way. Really enjoyed the experience. 5 stars David W. ” THREE Insurance for ease & savings Katie Jacobsen made the process to switch to Three very easy. She is a very knowledgeable, competent and dependable saleswoman. My questions and concerns were answered fully and quickly making my decision to change our business insurance an easy matter. Our small pub will be saving over $10,000 annually with this change…a welcome fact in today’s environment. We are so pleased that we discovered Three and feel confident with our decision to switch insurance carriers. Bundling our business, workers comp, auto and liquor liability policies makes accounting so much easier. 5 stars Ginny P. ” Great service Steven W. Was very helpful and got to the point while making sure I understood everything and answered every question I had. Awesome experience and customer service. Good insurance with a super low price would definitely recommend three to anyone. 5 stars Dustin J. ” Read More Reviews THREE protects your business against all types of liability, and more. Ready to get started? Get a Quote THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn