Technology Services Business Insurance - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Industry Business Insurance for Technology Services Get comprehensive business insurance for your technology services business. THREE by Berkshire Hathaway makes insurance easy for business owners in the technology and IT industry. In a technology-first world, the risks that present themselves to tech companies are large. THREE Insurance was created so you can focus on scaling your business while we keep things running smoothly. We want you to take advantage of the opportunities that come along for your business. So if you decide to license your software, create an online programming course, start a repair service, or just about anything else you can think of, give us a quick call and we’ll update your coverage. No additional policies needed. Get Quote What kind of insurance do businesses in the technology 
services industry need? Use this self-assessment tool to help you find out Get Started Comprehensive insurance for technology services 7% of small business insurance claims are for property damage from fire, storm, or busted pipes Protect your Property Property Insurance From laptops to servers, a significant portion of your business’s critical property is electronic. This means your business and your productivity are in jeopardy in the event of a fire, water damage, theft, and more. THREE’s property insurance will help to cover the costs of damaged equipment and inventory and the cost of business interruption if you have to briefly shut down. Get Instant Quote → Most common data breaches are hacking and phishing scams Protect your Operations Cyber Insurance As technology becomes increasingly complex and sophisticated, so do the threats that businesses face such as advanced phishing attacks and more knowledgeable hackers. Businesses and organizations in the technology services industry need to be prepared with cyber insurance, to manage and mitigate the damage that comes with cyber attacks and risks. THREE’s Cyber coverage is automatically included in your policy, so your business can be protected from the expense of response and remediation. Get Instant Quote → Only 20% business owners carry professional liability Errors and Omissions Insurance Professional Liability Insurance Professional Liability in the technology services industry helps protect IT professionals against claims of negligence from customers or clients. If your business provides regular professional advice or offers contractual services to clients, you need Professional Liability Insurance. THREE’s business insurance policy automatically includes E&O Insurance to make sure your employees are protected if they are accused of giving wrong advice that costs clients financial harm. Get Instant Quote → Why do technology services businesses need insurance? Cyber Liability Hackers gain access to your IT firm's software platform, and inject malware into it. Clients using your platform are affected and their data is leaked. Cyber insurance covers your business' liability for a data breach involving sensitive customer information, and will prevent you from having to pay hefty bills if your client takes legal action against you. Property Damage - Fire, Flooding, and More You were in the process of setting up a satellite office for one of your clients. While waiting for the office furniture to come in, you used your basement for the storage of computers, monitors, servers, and cables. Bad weather caused flooding, and your equipment was completely ruined. Property insurance protects the physical items your business owns, and will help with replacement and repair costs. Professional Liability Your business provides contractual services to a client. The client claims that your team of software engineers and developers made costly errors while implementing a new program for them. E&O insurance can help pay for legal bills if a software developer is sued for a mistake. What are our customers saying? Professional service at a fast response Got an online quote but needed some additional coverage. Shortly after I sent off the request, I received a call from the Helpdesk. A very qualified agent answered all my questions, and I had a policy in a very short time. Professional all the way. Really enjoyed the experience. 5 stars David W. ” THREE Insurance for ease & savings Katie Jacobsen made the process to switch to Three very easy. She is a very knowledgeable, competent and dependable saleswoman. My questions and concerns were answered fully and quickly making my decision to change our business insurance an easy matter. Our small pub will be saving over $10,000 annually with this change…a welcome fact in today’s environment. We are so pleased that we discovered Three and feel confident with our decision to switch insurance carriers. Bundling our business, workers comp, auto and liquor liability policies makes accounting so much easier. 5 stars Ginny P. ” Great service Steven W. Was very helpful and got to the point while making sure I understood everything and answered every question I had. Awesome experience and customer service. Good insurance with a super low price would definitely recommend three to anyone. 5 stars Dustin J. ” Read More Reviews All-in-one coverage for technology businesses Watch our 60 second video to learn more. Play Video THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn