Hospitality - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Industry Insurance for Hospitality Businesses Get comprehensive insurance for your hospitality business. THREE by Berkshire Hathaway is designed to make insurance for your hospitality business simple. THREE Insurance understands the unique risks that come with hosting and entertaining travelers and making guests feel comfortable at all times. Since you can’t eliminate the risk of accepting guests, we’ll do our part to help keep things running smoothly. From quick claims processing to crisis management support and legal counsel - we’re here when you need us. THREE’s policy for hospitality businesses protects your employees, property, and operations. Whether you decide to introduce a guest shuttle service to and from your hotel, start hosting a weekly happy hour at your inn, add a pool to your motel, or just about anything else you can think of, give us a quick call and we’ll update your coverage. No additional policies needed. Get Quote What kind of insurance do hospitality business owners need? Use this self-assessment tool to help you find out Get Started All-in-one hospitality insurance coverage for hotels, inns, motels, and more Fires in hotels & motels result in an average of $84 million in direct property damage each year. Protect your Property Property Insurance Damage to physical property means more than just a costly repair for hospitality businesses. It can also mean a significant loss of revenue when a room, or entire floor can’t be opened to guests and for reservations. Property insurance will help to cover costs of repairs in the event of accidental fires, floods, and earthquakes. Get Instant Quote → 89% of hospitality leaders believe that they don’t have the expertise needed to tackle cybersecurity issues. Protect your Operations Cyber Coverage Your concierge clicks on an email thinking it is from a guest, and accidentally downloads spyware on your network. By the time you realize it, years of guest credit card and address information has been stolen. Cyber Liability Coverage is automatically included in THREE’s policy, and covers expenses of data breaches or other cyberattacks. Get Instant Quote → 26% of injured employees in the hotel industry missed more than 31 days of work. Protect your People Workers’ Compensation Assembling your dream team wasn’t easy. Your staff is kind, courteous, professional, (all the reviews say so!) and they keep your hotel business running smoothly. Keeping them happy and safe should be a top priority. That is why THREE’s Insurance policy for Hospitality businesses offers Workers’ Compensation - to make sure your staff and you are protected in case of accidents and injuries. Workers’ compensation insurance helps pay bills associated with a work-related injury, including medical care and lost wages. It’s almost always required if you have employees. Get Instant Quote → Why do hotels, motels, inns, and bed and breakfast owners need insurance? Staff Injuries and Illness One of your guests complains about the curtains in their room being stuck, and is struggling to close them. You send your maintenance worker up to take care of it. While doing so his foot gets stuck in the curtain and he falls off the step ladder and onto the desk. He dislocated his shoulder and broke his arm, and is out of commission for 6 weeks. Workers’ Compensation will help pay for medical bills from his surgery and lost wages while he rests and recovers. Damage To Your Own Property A fire breaks out in the kitchen of your hotel restaurant and damages expensive appliances and equipment that your top chefs use. Property Insurance will help with replacement and repair costs so your restaurant can get up and running again as quickly as possible. Employment Practices Liability Insurance One of your housekeeping staff comes to you with complaints of repeated and unwanted sexual advances from her manager. She feels uncomfortable and is considering leaving her job. You may not realize that coverage for claims made against your business by employees are not typically covered under General Liability and you need Employment Practices Liability Insurance (EPLI) to defend your business. Guest Injuries You take the right precautions by having towels available by the pool all day long. But children still run down the hallways, dripping wet. A guest steps out of the elevator and slips on the wet floor. He hits his head and gets a concussion. Bills from his medical care are large and without liability insurance, you’ll be left with stacks of payments to make out of pocket. What are our customers saying? Professional service at a fast response Got an online quote but needed some additional coverage. Shortly after I sent off the request, I received a call from the Helpdesk. A very qualified agent answered all my questions, and I had a policy in a very short time. Professional all the way. Really enjoyed the experience. 5 stars David W. ” THREE Insurance for ease & savings Katie Jacobsen made the process to switch to Three very easy. She is a very knowledgeable, competent and dependable saleswoman. My questions and concerns were answered fully and quickly making my decision to change our business insurance an easy matter. Our small pub will be saving over $10,000 annually with this change…a welcome fact in today’s environment. We are so pleased that we discovered Three and feel confident with our decision to switch insurance carriers. Bundling our business, workers comp, auto and liquor liability policies makes accounting so much easier. 5 stars Ginny P. ” Great service Steven W. Was very helpful and got to the point while making sure I understood everything and answered every question I had. Awesome experience and customer service. Good insurance with a super low price would definitely recommend three to anyone. 5 stars Dustin J. ” Read More Reviews All-in-one coverage for hospitality businesses Watch our 60 second video to learn more. Play Video THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn