Restaurant Business Insurance - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Industry Restaurant Business Insurance Get comprehensive insurance for your restaurant business. THREE by Berkshire Hathaway makes restaurant business insurance easy. Our comprehensive policy protects your employees, property, and operations from unique risks restaurant businesses face. THREE is designed to grow with your business. So if you decide to launch a delivery service, branch into catering or start bartending, give us a quick call and we’ll update your coverage. No additional policies needed. Get Quote What kind of insurance do restaurant business
owners need? Use this self-assessment tool to help you find out Get Started THREE protects your entire restaurant business The restaurant & food service industry reports the highest number of burns of any employment sector. Protect your People Workers Compensation Kitchen safety is essential for your restaurant business. Whether it is knife lacerations or burns from hot oil, injuries are common, and will lead to claims that cost you time, money, and put your employees out of work. Workers’ compensation Insurance helps pay bills associated with a work-related injury, including medical care and lost wages. It’s almost always required by law if you have employees.

THREE’s insurance policy for restaurants offers Workers’ Compensation - to make sure your business and your employees are protected. Get Instant Quote → The restaurant industry has more sexual harassment claims than any other industry Employment Practices Liability Employment Practices Liability Insurance (EPLI) Workers’ Compensation can protect against medical bills and lost wages from workplace injuries. But to protect your business from allegations of sexual harassment and discrimination by coworkers, or wrongful termination claims, you will need Employment Practices Liability Insurance (EPLI).

Most restaurant or bar owners may not realize that coverage for claims made against them by employees are not typically covered under General Liability, and going without EPLI can be a costly decision. Get Instant Quote → There is an average of 8,240 restaurant fires reported across the U.S. per year Protect your Property property Insurance When it comes to owning a restaurant, anything from a grease fire to a natural disaster can throw your business into a state of turmoil. Being unable to serve customers because of damage from a flood, or because of food spoilage after a power outage, can be costly to your business and your reputation.

THREE’s Property Insurance provides financial protection against the hefty repair bills and restoration expense, and covers the cost of business interruption if you have to briefly shut down. Get Instant Quote → 61% of small businesses were the target of a Cyberattack in 2021. Protect your Operations Liquor Liability and Cyber Liability Insurance One of your intoxicated customers gets into a fight and injures another diner while at your restaurant. Or a hacker gets unauthorized access to the network supporting your payments, and cardholder and card information is leaked. Risk is always on the menu for restaurant businesses and having both Liquor Liability and Cyber Liability coverage automatically included in a THREE policy keeps your business protected against these potential risks. Get Instant Quote → Why do I need insurance for my restaurant business? Staff Injuries and Illness One of your chefs slices his fingers while preparing food for the guests. He needs surgery and a few weeks until he regains motor function in his hand. Workers’ Compensation will help pay for medical bills from his surgery and lost wages while he recuperates. Commercial Auto Insurance Your driver accidentally reverses your restaurant’s van into another vehicle while completing a food delivery. Your vehicle has to be towed away, and the food and groceries in the van are damaged. Commercial Auto insurance will help with towing reimbursements, accident liability, and collision damage. Damage To Your Own Property Your pantry gets flooded after a big storm which not only damages your staple groceries, but also causes all the food in your refrigerator to go bad from a power outage. You have to reorder costly items and pause serving customers until they are restocked. Property insurance protects the physical items your business owns, and will help with replacement and repair costs. Professional Mistakes A diner ends up in the hospital with a severe allergic reaction after your server incorrectly lists out ingredients in a dish. Professional Liability insurance will help you defend your business when accused of making a costly mistake. What are our customers saying? THREE Insurance for ease & savings The whole process was very quick and easy. I performed a Google search for the coverage I was needing and THREE popped up. I read some reviews and felt confident in the choice. The application was very easy to complete and asked really great questions. The following morning Katie J called me and we broke everything down. I’m pleased with the coverage that I was able to get with THREE and the premium is extremely manageable. I am very pleased with my choice in THREE and I look forward to a long relationship with this company. 5 stars Marlena H. | Restaurant Owner from Kansas ” Great service Very supportive and helpful, great customer service 5 stars Quanda M. | Bartender from North Carolina ” Easy and affordable coverage Wonderful customer service and easy to understand and get coverage that you need. Affordable as well. 5 stars Christa M. | Bartender from Oklahoma ” Getting insurance with THREE is fast, easy, and painless I had a wonderful experience getting our insurance through THREE. An agent helped me with answering the application questions and took the time to explain things. I got my quote right away. I like the easy to read 3 pages that explain coverage. I like that THREE covers all 3 types of insurance in one policy. Another agent helped me the second day to complete the enrollment process. Both  were professional and courteous. 5 stars Jeannie P. | Family Restaurant Owner from California ” Read More Reviews All-in-one coverage for your restaurant businesses Watch our 60 second video to learn more. Play Video THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn