Resources - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Resources Making sense of insurance doesn’t have to be hard. The articles, videos and tools below can help. Our focus is on insurance, but our goal is to help small businesses thrive, so when we learn about something useful, we’ll be sure to share it. Stay Informed By clicking "Stay Informed" you agree that you have read and acknowledged our Privacy Statement and you agree to receive email promotions and other general email messages from THREE. Article Workers’ Compensation insurance for the hospitality industry: coverage, risks, and benefits. Unique risks make Workers’ Compensation insurance for the hospitality industry essential coverage. Learn how this insurance protects employees and employers. Hospitality | Oct 31, 2025 Article Our guide to plumbing business insurance. Plumbing business insurance is coverage that every plumbing professional should have. Let's take a look at the hazards plumbing businesses face. Trade Contractors | Oct 31, 2025 Article An essential guide to carpenter insurance. Looking for the best carpenter insurance? Our guide explores coverage types, benefits, and how to ensure your business has excellent financial protection. Trade Contractors | Sep 22, 2025 Article How to get a Certificate of Insurance and why you might need a COI. Wondering how to get a certificate of insurance? Visit the Certificate of Insurance page, submit a request, and we'll take it from there. Read on for details. Certificate of Insurance | Aug 20, 2025 Article How much does bar insurance cost? Average rates, coverage types, and cost factors. This article answers that crucial question, explaining how to determine your bar insurance cost, what bar insurance covers, and why it's essential. Restaurants and Bars | Aug 20, 2025 Article Tech insurance: key insights for your consultancy or technology company. Protect your business from costly tech risks. Learn what tech insurance covers and why consultants, startups, and IT firms need the right insurance policy. Cyber Insurance | Jul 29, 2025 Article A guide to choosing the right electrician business insurance. Learn how to choose the best electrician business insurance. Compare coverage types, avoid common pitfalls, and get the protection you need—fast. Trade Contractors | Jul 28, 2025 Article How commercial cleaning insurance helps business owners manage risks. Learn about the key risks cleaning companies face and how commercial cleaning insurance can offer vital protection and peace of mind for your business. Cleaning & Janitorial | Jun 10, 2025 Article 5 common insurance mistakes businesses should avoid. When getting financial protection for your business, it’s crucial to avoid common insurance mistakes. Learn what they are so they don’t affect your company. Insurance Basics | May 23, 2025 Article What to know about restaurant risk management and insurance. Effective restaurant risk management starts with the right insurance. Learn how proper coverage and actions to reduce your risks can benefit your business. Restaurants and Bars | Feb 18, 2025 Article 7 common misconceptions about Workers Compensation for trade contractors. Get the facts about trade contractor workers’ comp. We clear up common misconceptions to help you make informed decisions for a secure work environment. Insurance Basics | Nov 26, 2024 Article Must-have insurance for a cleaning business. Ensure that the insurance for your cleaning business provides the protection you need, from day one. Here's a roadmap to get started. Cleaning and Janitorial | Nov 12, 2024 Article How to choose the right restaurant business insurance. Explore the different types of restaurant business insurance with our step-by-step decision guide. Ensure your establishment is adequately protected. Restaurants and Bars | Oct 15, 2024 Article Janitorial and cleaning business insurance explained. Cleaning business insurance is crucial for many companies. It provides financial protection from several business risks. Learn more. Cleaning and Janitorial | Sep 23, 2024 Article Why restaurant and hotel property insurance is essential. Learn why restaurant and hotel property insurance is essential. Explore coverage options and risk management strategies for your hospitality business. Restaurants and Bars | Aug 20, 2024 Article Small Business Owner's Guide to Insurance for Restaurants Insurance for restaurants provides owners with financial protection from lawsuits, property damage, and other incidents. Learn about the coverages available. Restaurants and Bars | Jun 11, 2024 Article Critical elements of a hotel insurance policy: A helpful checklist Explore our hotel insurance checklist for comprehensive protection. Discover essential steps to safeguard your hotel business. Hospitality | May 14, 2024 Article Cyber Insurance for Technology Companies: What It Is and Why It’s Essential Tech-focused businesses face the risk of cyberattacks every day. That’s why Cyber Insurance for technology companies is essential. Learn more. Cyber Insurance | Apr 17, 2024 Article Business Liability Insurance with THREE Learn how THREE's broad liability coverage protects your business against claims of injury and property damage from customers and other unforeseen liabilities. General Liability Insurance | May 16, 2023 Article What you should know when choosing Hotel Business Insurance Get your hotel insured in 5 minutes with THREE. We offer Liability, Property Insurance, and Workers' Compensation coverage and more. Get a quote now! Hospitality | Mar 21, 2023 Article 3 things to know about Restaurant Business Insurance Do you know the different types of insurance you need for your restaurant before you open your doors? Learn how to protect your business and your employees with comprehensive coverage for your restaurant business Restaurants and Bars | Jan 24, 2023 Article Everything you need to know about Insurance for Bars Bar and tavern insurance is critical to have in place before you open your business. Learn about essential coverage for bars with THREE Insurance. Restaurants and Bars | Nov 22, 2022 White Paper Keeping your business healthy When was the last time your business completed an insurance checkup? If you’re like most busy small business owners, it’s been too long. Get tips for assessing the coverage you have versus the coverage you need. Insurance Gaps | Nov 16, 2020 White Paper Don’t let unknown gaps sink your small business The more you know about your insurance needs, the easier it is to identify dangerous coverage gaps. Learn about common gaps and then use our cheat sheet to follow up with your agent. Insurance Gaps | Jun 8, 2020 Coverage Check-Up Does your business have the protection it needs? This easy assessment tool can help you figure it out. Check for Gaps THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn