Insurance For The Hospitality Industry | THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Home Resources Article: Workers’ Compensation insurance for the hospitality industry: coverage, risks, and benefits. Article Hospitality | Oct 31, 2025 Workers’ Compensation insurance for the hospitality industry: coverage, risks, and benefits. by Brandon Lockhart If you own or operate a hotel, motel, bed and breakfast, or another type of hospitality business, you know you face many risks, including the risk of employee injuries. Despite your best efforts to train your team members and encourage safety, you can’t prevent accidents entirely. The good news is that you can protect employees from medical care costs if they get hurt at work by having the right insurance. Specifically, Workers’ Compensation for hospitality industry companies. Let’s look at what hospitality Workers’ Compensation coverage is, why it’s essential, and how hospitality businesses benefit from getting their insurance from THREE. What is Workers’ Compensation Insurance, and how does Workers’ Compensation protect hotels and restaurants? Workers’ Compensation insurance (also called Workers’ Comp ) covers medical expenses related to on-the-job injuries or illnesses and can help pay for a team member’s lost income while they recover. This type of insurance for hospitality industry businesses can also provide what’s called a death benefit to surviving family members if an employee dies from an on-the-job incident. Companies with employees are almost always required to carry Workers’ Comp. If you have employees, you should assume your business is required to have it unless the Workers’ Comp authority in your state tells you otherwise. Hospitality Workers’ Compensation is ideal for many types of businesses. Workers’ Compensation insurance is crucial in the hospitality industry for a wide range of businesses. This includes hotels and motels, bed and breakfast inns, restaurants and bars, event venues, country clubs, and many more. It provides important financial protection and is required by law for virtually every business with employees. Get a Quote What types of injuries are most common in the hospitality industry? While you might not think of this industry as dangerous, there are several common injuries in hospitality workplaces, including: Slips, trips, and falls (on wet floors, stairs, etc.) Burns (from kitchen equipment, hot water, chemicals, and other sources) Strains and sprains (from lifting luggage, event set up, cleaning, and more) Repetitive stress injuries (like carpal tunnel from keyboard use, etc.) Exposure to hazardous materials (like cleaning chemicals) Fortunately for your employees, Workers’ Comp for hospitality staff can cover the costs of treating these conditions. That’s why it’s an essential type of insurance for hospitality industry businesses. How Workers’ Compensation benefits hospitality businesses In addition to protecting employees by paying for injury-related expenses, Workers’ Comp for hotels also benefits the business and owners in multiple ways, including: Protection from lawsuits. Workers' Comp is a no-fault system, meaning employees generally can’t sue their employers for work-related injuries or illnesses. This protects you from potentially costly legal fees. Improved employee satisfaction. Hospitality employees like knowing that Workers' Comp protects them while they’re working. That knowledge provides peace of mind, improves morale, and supports increased productivity and reduced turnover. Regulatory compliance. Employers fulfill their legal obligation by making Workers' Compensation benefits available to employees. This can help reduce their liability for workplace injuries and illnesses. Get a Quote Misconceptions about Workers’ Comp in the hospitality industry. Most businesses (in hospitality and other industries) carry Workers’ Comp. Still, people frequently don’t understand what this coverage is and how it works. It’s important to be aware that misconceptions exist and get the facts from your insurer, state Workers’ Comp authorities, and other experts who understand insurance. For example, a hotel or resort manager might hear that Workers’ Compensation for hospitality businesses is expensive. But the truth is, it’s very affordable compared to the potential costs of not having it (including the fines and penalties your state can impose for not complying with regulations). It also helps safeguard daily operations by enabling employees to get the care they need to return to work and can have a positive impact on your reputation with potential employees and your guests. Ultimately, this coverage—along with risk management practices for the hospitality industry—is an essential part of a strong safety culture. Some hospitality workers might falsely believe that Workers’ Comp only covers major injuries even though it can pay expenses regardless of the severity of an injury or illness if it’s covered. Workers may also worry that reporting a claim could cost them their jobs when, in fact, there are many protections in place for workers. Bottom line: Workers’ Compensation is essential insurance for the hospitality industry. Be sure you and your employees have accurate information about it. Hospitality Workers’ Comp protects people throughout your organization From entry-level workers to business owners, everyone in your organization can benefit from your Workers’ Comp insurance. Let’s say you’re a restaurant or cafe owner. You’ll find that your small team of frontline employees likes knowing your coverage will cover their costs if they get hurt on the job. That reassurance lets them focus on providing exceptional service, and it can also help you retain great employees. They also appreciate that their family will get a death benefit in the event of a fatal incident. You should be sure they understand how important it is to report injuries immediately. Your managers have peace of mind knowing your Workers’ Comp policy protects them and their team members. It’s one less thing they have to worry about. Knowing how to respond to and report on employee injuries and illness is essential for them. Finally, as a business owner, you can elect to be protected and can feel good about investing in your people with your hotel’s Workers’ Comp coverage. You also understand your legal obligations and know that your THREE policy can ensure compliance without complexity. Factors influencing Workers’ Compensation costs in the hospitality industry. The cost of Workers' Compensation insurance for a hospitality business is mainly determined by your total payroll and the job classifications of your employees (kitchen staff, housekeepers, front desk clerks, etc.), as each role faces different risks. State regulations regarding benefit levels and other factors also play a role in insurance costs. In addition, your organization’s claims history can significantly impact your cost. So, if you need Workers’ Comp for your hotel, and you have few or no claims, you’ll typically pay less for coverage. Get a Quote Why THREE is a trusted provider of Workers’ Compensation in the hospitality industry. There are many reasons owners choose THREE for Workers’ Comp for their hospitality businesses. Here are a few: Reliability. THREE has the experience and financial resources business owners look for in a reliable business insurance provider. If you ever need to report a claim, you can trust that THREE will process it promptly and pay it if approved. Comprehensive coverage. Our policy can include Workers’ Comp and a whole lot more coverage for all the risks hospitality businesses face. (Read how below.) Convenience. Obtaining the coverage you need in one policy saves you time and effort when getting a quote, calling for support, using our proven claims process, or managing your business insurance. You can also request a Certificate of Insurance online. If you’re an HR professional and keenly aware of the hazards in the hospitality industry, you like that these factors make your job easier. That’s especially true if you need consistent coverage for multiple locations. Working with THREE helps you stay in compliance across the organization. We also give you access to helpful resources focused on risk prevention. At the end of the day, it’s nice working for a company that demonstrates a commitment to employee well-being, and Workers’ Compensation insurance for hospitality organizations is an essential part of that commitment. THREE covers Workers’ Comp claims and more in a single policy Insurance from THREE is all-in-one. That means you get the coverage most businesses need to protect your people, property, and operations in a single policy. In addition to Workers’ Comp for your hospitality business, THREE addresses other common risks in the hospitality industry. For example, a THREE policy can protect your business if a fire breaks out in the kitchen and causes extensive structural damage or destroys equipment. You’re also covered for guest injuries, like someone slipping on a wet pool deck and suffering a concussion. In addition, our policy includes Employment Practices Liability insurance (EPLI). It can cover expenses related to lawsuits filed against your company by employees for things like sexual harassment and wrongful termination. We also protect your business from data breach expenses if someone hacks into your system and steals sensitive information. How to get Workers’ Compensation for hospitality businesses. Risk management is crucial in the hospitality industry. Workers' Comp can provide peace of mind and ensure workers know they're protected from on-the-job injuries and illnesses. And with a policy from THREE, employees and owners are protected from a whole lot more. Ready for more risk protection, simpler policy management, and business insurance you can count on? Get a quote online today. If you have questions about Workers’ Compensation for hospitality companies, our small business advisors are happy to answer them. Just call 1-800-507-4495 during business hours. We’re here Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm ET. We’ll help you get the coverage you need and avoid common business insurance mistakes . Get a Quote About the Author Brandon Lockhart Product Marketing Manager Brandon Lockhart is an experienced professional in small business insurance with a strong background in innovation and leadership. Since 2020, he has been part of Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company and currently contributes to THREE. Brandon played a key role in developing THREE's Retail Partner Channel and has expertise in sales, training, and management. THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn