Everything you need to know about Insurance for Bars - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Home Resources Article: Everything you need to know about Insurance for Bars Article Restaurants and Bars | Nov 22, 2022 Everything you need to know about Insurance for Bars We get it. Small business insurance can be confusing. But it is critical that you make sure your risks are covered. Opening a bar or tavern and running it successfully is not only about ensuring your customers have a good time. It is also about protecting your business and your employees. To do this, you need to have adequate bar or tavern insurance. What type of insurance do you need for a bar or tavern? There are several factors that determine what kind of insurance you need for your bar. Do you have employees; do you own or rent a physical space; and is your customers’ data and sensitive information secure? Use our self-assessment tool to help you take stock of your current coverage and identify areas where you may have gaps. Liquor Liability Insurance Your bar can be liable for injuries caused by patrons that were served, even after they leave. Many business owners aren’t aware that these kinds of claims are excluded under basic liability insurance policies. If you sell and serve alcohol, you need to have liquor liability insurance to protect your business against these claims. For example, a customer leaves your bar after a long night of partying. They seem okay but get into an accident while driving home. According to dram shop laws in several states, you can be held responsible for serving alcohol to those that injure or harm another person as a result of their being drunk. Liquor Liability coverage will help cover legal fees expensed if your business is held liable – like any liability insurance coverage, we reimburse not only the legal fees but also any settlement or judgement. Employment Practices Liability Insurance To cover claims made against you by your employees, you also need Employment Practices Liability Insurance or EPLI. EPLI protects your business from allegations of sexual harassment, wrongful termination, and discrimination. EPLI is a critical coverage component for your bar. Commercial Property Insurance Owning a bar or tavern comes with a lot of risks. From kitchen fires, water damage from dishwasher leaks, and much more. Commercial Property Insurance protects the physical items your business owns or rents and will help with replacement and repair costs. Cyber Liability Insurance More than likely, you have an online presence. Your customer database, online ordering system, or credit card payments. Cyber coverage protects against stolen customer data, ransomware attacks, and compromised software. Workers’ Compensation Most states require employers to carry workers’ compensation coverage. Workers’ Compensation insurance can help protect your employees and your business in the event of a work-related injury or illness. If an employee gets injured on the job or becomes ill from their job, workers’ comp will cover medical care and treatment and replace most lost wages while they recuperate. Ready for insurance coverage that is comprehensive, straightforward, and provides the coverage your bar or tavern needs in one policy? THREE’s unique bar insurance coverage can include liquor liability insurance, workers’ compensation, cyber liability, employment practices liability, and more. No separate policies required. Start Your Quote If you’re already a customer and need a Certificate of Insurance, request a certificate. THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn