The Policy: 3 Jargon-free pages - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote The Policy No fine print. No surprises. The more pages in a policy, the more reasons there are to deny a claim. Our three-page policy removes the fine print, so there are no surprises. It’s comprehensive yet uncomplicated by combining multiple business-critical coverages usually sold separately. Choose your state: Select AL (Coming Soon) AK (Coming Soon) AZ AR (Coming Soon) CA CO CT DE (Coming Soon) FL (Coming Soon) GA HI (Coming Soon) ID (Coming Soon) IL IN IA KS KY (Coming Soon) LA ME (Coming Soon) MD MA (Coming Soon) MI (Coming Soon) MN MS (Coming Soon) MO MT (Coming Soon) NE NV NH (Coming Soon) NJ NM (Coming Soon) NY (Coming Soon) NC ND (Coming Soon) OH (Coming Soon) OK OR PA RI (Coming Soon) SC SD (Coming Soon) TN TX UT VT (Coming Soon) VA (Coming Soon) WA (Coming Soon) WV (Coming Soon) WI WY (Coming Soon) Summary Page 1 Page 2 Page 3 The Insurance Summary Page lists your business' limits and deductibles, and is followed by our three page policy that describes your coverage. Three by Berkshire Hathaway 3 Page Policy Summary (Declarations) Page Sample Policy Policy Number: XXXXXXXXXXXX Policy Period: MM/DD/YYYY to MM/DD/YYYY @ 12:01 AM This Policy Issued by: Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company. A Nebraska Stock Insurance Company. Named Insured (Your Business): Business Name Address Line 1 Address Line 2 Phone: XXX-XXX-XXXX Email: name@domain.com What's Insured & for How Much: The table below shows the insured buildings, and the Deductible and Limit for each Coverage. We will pay up to the Limit after a loss is more than the Deductible. If your business has more than one loss, it must pay a separate Deductible for each loss. We will pay up to the Limit for each loss, except for Business Liability, where there is a Maximum Limit. After we have paid the Maximum Limit, we will no longer pay any amounts for Business Liability under this policy. Coverage Limit Deductible Your Operations Business Liability Limit: $X,XXX,XXX per occurrence, $X,XXX,XXX maximum Deductible: No deductible Auto Liability (For Listed Vehicles) Limit: $X,XXX,XXX Deductible: $X,XXX Cyber Incident Response Limit: $X,XXX,XXX Deductible: $X,XXX Your People Workers' Compensation Limit: As required by law Deductible: $X,XXX Your Property Property Building 1, Street Address, City, State, ZIP Code Limit: $X,XXX,XXX Deductible: $X,XXX All Other Property Limit: $X,XXX,XXX Deductible: $X,XXX Business Interruption (Net Income) Limit: Up to 1 year, $X,XXX,XXX Deductible: 3 day waiting period Vehicles YYYY Car Make, VIN Number Limit: $X,XXX,XXX Deductible: $X,XXX YYYY Car Make, VIN Number Limit: $X,XXX,XXX Deductible: $X,XXX Estimated Premium: $X,XXX.XX (Subject to Audit When Permitted or Required by Law) Cancellation: Your business may cancel for any reason by written request for a future date. We may only cancel as allowed by [STATE] law, at least [STATE LAW #] days before cancellation [or [NONPAY DAYS] if for nonpayment of premium]. We will send a notice to the address above that explains the cancellation and the effective date. After cancellation, the premium will be adjusted proportionately based on the time the policy was in effect. Policy Forms & Endorsements: XYZ Form Three by Berkshire Hathaway To Report a Claim or For Questions: Call 1-800-507-4495 . I. The coverage we provide your business under this policy: This policy only covers your business for loss caused by occurrences during the policy period. An “occurrence” means an accident, including continuous or repeated exposure to substantially the same general harmful conditions that begin during the policy period. “Occurrence” also includes an error or omission by your business. Should any part of this policy, on its effective date, conflict with the laws of the state where your business is based, then that part of this policy will be automatically amended to meet the minimum requirements of those laws. For your business’ property: We cover your business for theft of and physical damage to property your business owns or leases. As a direct result of a property loss we pay, your business may have increased operating expenses or lose net income. After the Waiting Period on the Summary, we will cover these amounts as Business Interruption until your business resumes normal operations (or until either Business Interruption limit on the Summary is reached). “Net income” means (i) net profit or loss before income taxes and (ii) continuing normal operating expenses, including payroll. Unauthorized modification of electronic data is physical damage to property. For your business’ liability to others: We cover your business for amounts it is legally required to pay others as the result of an occurrence. We will provide legal counsel to defend any such claims. Employees of your business acting on its behalf and Additional Insureds working with your business are also covered the same way your business would be. Additional Insured automatically includes any required Additional Insured in a contract made before starting work. We also cover (i) claims of negligence, errors, or omissions in providing professional services, and (ii) claims against directors or officers of your business arising from their actions taken on behalf of your business. For these kinds of claims, if your business first learns about the claim during this policy, and previously had continuous insurance coverage that would have covered the claim, we will cover that claim even though it is not the result of an occurrence during this policy. For auto: We cover damage to or accidents involving vehicles on the Summary the same way we cover property and liability claims, but with the Auto limits listed on the Summary. For cyber: We provide your business with crisis management, data and system review and recovery services, breach notification, and credit monitoring, following a data breach or computer system hack. Workers’ compensation insurance: Every state has workers’ compensation laws that provide benefits for injured employees. We cover your business for and will promptly pay amounts required by state workers’ compensation law. We will pay all installments of the compensation that may be awarded or agreed upon in connection with those injuries. II. If something goes wrong: If your business has a property loss from an occurrence, we will pay to repair the damaged property if possible, or replace it with something of similar capabilities. We only pay for buildings (which in this policy includes any part of a building) or vehicles that are on the Summary, up to the Limit for each. For all other property that is damaged by an occurrence (including exterior glass and improvements to a leased premises that your business is responsible for) we will pay up to the amount listed for Other Property on the Summary. Other Property also includes property (other than a building) that is in the care, custody, or control of your business, but Business Interruption is not available arising from damage or loss to that property. Three by Berkshire Hathaway To Report a Claim or For Questions: Call 1-800-507-4495 . We will also pay necessary costs to keep your business going or to minimize the time it is out of business after a loss that we cover. We will pay these expenses until listed vehicles are repaired or replaced (or until the Limit for that damaged vehicle is reached) or your business has resumed at a permanent location (or until either limit for Business Interruption has been reached). For liability claims, we will have the right to decide how to prepare for and defend any potential claim, and to decide if a claim should be settled. The costs of defending do not count towards policy limits. For cyber claims, we provide cyber incident response and breach coach services through our selected vendors. If your business runs out of money (it is insolvent or in bankruptcy) or otherwise defaults after a person is injured by an occurrence, our obligation to pay will not be affected. III. What we do not cover: We do not cover any occurrence(s) that start or take place outside the policy period on the Summary. To be covered by any of this policy’s Coverages, the damage, liability, or injury must be caused by or arise from an occurrence during the policy period on the Summary. For any claims that we do not cover, we will not provide legal counsel to defend those claims. We do not cover any company other than those named on the Summary, and we do not provide coverage that is personal to you (or anyone) independent of your business. We do not cover damage to any building your business owns, leases, occupies, or rents that is not listed on the Summary. We do not cover damage to, or accidents involving, any vehicle owned or leased by your business (or any of its owners or officers) that is not listed on the Summary. We do not cover any Additional Insured for any claims that are unrelated to your business. We do not cover any claims between any Named Insureds or additional Named Insureds. We do not cover any claims between your business and any Additional Insured that arises from a loss where this policy covers the Additional Insured. We do not cover any damage to property (or Business Interruption), nor any claim made against your business, that is caused by pollution, asbestos, or a nuclear event. Pollution means damage caused by the spreading or escape or presence of any contaminant (whether it is solid, liquid or gas), including chemicals and waste. Asbestos means the presence or escape of any asbestos at all. Nuclear means nuclear reaction or radiation or radioactive contamination, however caused. For property (including Business Interruption) claims, we do not cover, (i) lost or misplaced property, money, securities, or stock certificates; (ii) any property that is illegal or damaged during illegal transportation; (iii) land or water or things growing on or in them like crops; (iv) animals; or (v); any damage to property or losses caused by a law, ordinance, order, or other legal requirement, which includes any zoning change, shutdown order, or other government action. We also do not cover (i) ordinary wear and tear; or (ii) deterioration that happens because the property is old or not maintained properly, or (iii) equipment, machinery, or listed vehicles that stop working without being involved in an accident as these are not occurrences. For liability claims, we do not cover claims (i) from damage or occurrences that were expected or intended (in other words, it was not accidental); (ii) solely arising from a contract; (iii) for warranty; (iv) from any promise of financial performance or return, or (v) arising out of damage to any property in the care, custody, or control of your business. Three by Berkshire Hathaway To Report a Claim or For Questions: Call 1-800-507-4495 . IV. Deductibles and limits: Except for workers’ compensation, which is governed by your business’ state’s laws , each coverage has a limit and may have a deductible. Your business is responsible for any deductible. We are responsible for loss above any deductible, up to the limit. The type of loss determines the limit, the deductible amount, and when it is paid. We will never pay more than the limit that applies less any deductible. The Summary lists the deductible (if any) and the limit for (i) any one occurrence to listed buildings, (ii) any one occurrence to Other Property; (iii) net income and business interruption expenses ; (iv) any one liability occurrence and in aggregate for any and all liability occurrences; (v) for the repair (and any related expenses) of listed vehicles; (vi) any one occurrence for liability arising from accidents in which listed vehicles are involved, and (vii) for cyber incident services for any one occurrence involving data breaches or hacking of computer systems. For liability claims, we will pay the deductible portion and bill your business for it later, since we need to appoint counsel right away in order to protect your business. V. What your business needs to do: You expect us to be fair in meeting your business’ needs. For us to best meet our responsibilities under this policy, we need your business to meet certain requirements as well. First, we need openness and honesty about all the information provided to us in connection with this policy. We will rely upon that information to give a premium estimate, and we also use it to protect ourselves in the event of fraud or efforts to abuse our policy and the promises we make in it. Second, we need your business to report to us as quickly as possible about anything that could give rise to claims, and cooperate with our requests. We ask that your business take all reasonable steps to protect itself and its property after a loss. Your business must file a police report following a theft. If you have any questions or concerns, the earlier you report to us, the faster we can act to cover your business. We may need to ask additional questions to process claims, and your business must answer those promptly and truthfully. After your business reports a claim to us, we will promptly investigate, and will promptly pay claims when liability has become clear and your business has provided us with proof of loss. Your business cannot give up claims it might have against others for the losses covered by this policy without our permission, except, if required by contract before starting work, your business may make this policy primary and waive our rights of subrogation or contribution. Third, keep us updated. If any of the information given to us changes, such as adding a new property to the business, let us know so that we can keep our records up to date. Some information we may seek to confirm in any event. For example, after this policy expires, we will likely ask for confirmation of payroll so we can confirm workers’ compensation data. For this and any other information requests relating to this insurance, we will be relying on your business to provide accurate information. These requests may include audits of books or physical inspection of your business’ operations. We will also use the information to adjust the premium (up or down) so it accurately reflects your business’ risks. All premium for this policy will be determined by our manuals of rules, rates, rating plans and classifications. We may change our manuals and apply the changes to this policy if authorized by law or a governmental agency regulating this insurance. If your business does not meet its obligations to us, your business may lose some or all coverage under this policy. Three by Berkshire Hathaway To Report a Claim or For Questions: Call 1-800-507-4495 . Questions? Speak with a THREE Small Business Advisor. Call 1-800-507-4495 The coverage your business needs, in a single comprehensive policy. Get a Quote THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn