Creative Services Insurance - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Why THREE > Creative Services Industry Creative Services If you work in the Creative Services field, you probably spend a lot of time trying to find new ways to solve old problems. (We can relate.) Every day you push boundaries. And your clients. Risky? Maybe. Necessary? Definitely. Fortunately, with THREE you get the kind of back up you need to push forward, without pushing your luck. THREE was created to empower small businesses to take a chance without taking on too much risk. So, if you decide to turn a failed pitch into your own business’s product, take on a pro bono project, launch a blog, expand via acquisition or just about anything else you can think of, give us a quick call and we’ll update your account. The best laid plans No matter how great an idea or perfect a plan, so much remains out of your control. That’s why THREE was designed to provide the kind of comprehensive coverage necessary to protect your operations, your people and your property, so you can keep your business going and growing. Your Operations You may be able to crack any creative brief, meet the most impossible of deadlines and convert project work to retainer accounts with amazing frequency, but sometimes, the unpleasant surprises you never think could happen, happen. 10% of small businesses experienced a cyber incident in 2017. Copyright Infringement We created a video for our client’s annual company meeting. Highlights from the past year, office camaraderie, that sort of thing. The team edited it together, put it to music and everyone was happy. Then our CIO uploaded it to their site, but he didn’t know the music wasn’t licensed. The band’s manager did—now they’re suing him and the company. Spyware When our young, trusting intern got an email from “IT” saying he needed to click a link to download and install a software update, he didn’t think anything of it. Of course, what he actually installed was spyware, which hid in the background absorbing confidential client information long after he was back on campus. Error Seven people, including our client, gave their final sign-off. But the same way a chain is only as strong as its weakest link, proofreading is only as accurate as its back-up. About four rounds ago someone transposed two digits on a phone number. When the billboard, print ad, and radio commercial were released with the wrong phone number, we were responsible. Your People You’ve got baby boomers who can build apps and millennials who can do paste-up mechanicals (in a retro, ironic sort of way). You’ve worked hard and long to assemble your dream team. A well-stocked kitchen may help to keep them happy, but what’s most important is keeping them healthy. 225,000+ /year Workplace injuries caused by falls, slips or trips Injury One of my designers had requested a Wacom® tablet—okay, maybe he requested it several times. By the time he went to the doctor and was diagnosed with carpal tunnel syndrome his thumb was partially numb. Now he’s taking a long lunch to go to PT twice a week. If it doesn’t improve he might need surgery. Discrimination Last year two employees were up for a promotion: Lori, who was almost 50, and Kim, who was around 30. Lori had more experience, but Kim had been moving up quickly—3 promotions in 5 years. I was afraid Kim would leave if she didn’t get the job and I figured Lori wasn’t going anywhere, so we gave it to Kim. Well, Lori did go. To a lawyer and claimed age discrimination. Your Property It’s the thinking your business delivers that really sets it apart. But let’s face it, your well-appointed office, computers, printers and top-of-the-line video conferencing equipment are pretty darn critical. They’re also extremely susceptible to fire, water and smoke damage. Not to mention theft. A significant property loss could mean missed deadlines, lost clients, and a damaged reputation. Minimizing a business interruption is invaluable. 67% of property damage in office buildings is caused by fire. Theft It was a once-in-a-lifetime project. A local museum had invited us to create an installation, “Connected Home, Disconnected Life.” I’m still, to this day, so proud of what we created. Anyway, we loaded the components onto the truck and I went back inside for a minute. I guess someone had been watching us because in a flash, the truck and everything on it was stolen. Smoke Where there’s smoke, there’s smoke damage. Last year we had a “small” fire in our utility closet. The sprinkler system and fire department did their jobs perfectly. But they couldn’t stop the smoke. It traveled down the hall to a neighboring office. Damaged their carpet and chairs and made a mess of every surface, including keyboards. Then we got sued to clean it up. Ruined Our client was preparing to launch their new smart home devices at the electronics show last month. They’d been working on it for years. We’d been working on their trade show booth for months. Storing the components in our basement made sense at the time. But then when that big storm hit the pipes backed-up and the basement flooded. Everything was ruined. From PR to SEO You operate in a world where creative solutions need to provide quantifiable results. Sometimes that means taking a chance and, at other times, playing it safe. It almost always means going the extra mile. But whatever path you take, THREE will provide the coverage you need. THREE provides comprehensive coverage for: Advertising & Public Relations Digital & Direct Marketing Direct Mail Services Market Research Computer Consulting Brand & Marketing Consulting Media & Social Media Consulting Search Engine Services (SEO/SEM) Graphic Design Interior Decorating & Design Procurement Consulting Small business coverage then. Small business coverage now. Questions? Speak with a THREE Small Business Advisor. Call 1-800-507-4495 An ounce of prevention The best way to protect your business is to educate your staff to help prevent risky situations to begin with. In addition to online training tools, THREE offers these convenient posters that you can print out and start using right now. Your Operations First Aid for a Heart Attack Download Recognizing Medical Conditions Download Your People Communication Tips for a Diverse Workforce Download 101 Stress Relievers Download Managing Work Stress Download Your Property A Guide to Worksite Fire Safety Download Ready to simplify your insurance and get ready for whatever comes next? Get a Quote THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn