Wealth Management Insurance - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Why THREE > Wealth Management Industry Wealth Management As a financial professional you understand the importance of balancing risk and reward better than most. Whether you’re advising your clients or analyzing opportunities for your own business, finding the right balance as you grow is critical. THREE was created to give you the freedom to take a chance without risking it all. So if you decide to teach a class about investing, host a webinar about cryptocurrency, volunteer your services at a senior center, start selling life insurance, or just about anything else you can think of, give us a quick call and we’ll update your account. The best laid plans No matter how great an idea or perfect a plan, so much remains out of your control. That’s why THREE was designed to provide the kind of comprehensive coverage necessary to protect your operations, your people and your property, so you can keep your business going and growing. Your Operations You’ve helped kids go to college, boomers retire and legacies grow. Your clients love you. Better yet, they refer you. Positive word-of-mouth is what keeps your business growing. Helping clients protect their wealth and plan for tomorrow is what you do. But are you protecting what you have by preparing for the unexpected? 1/3 of businesses fail as the result of workplace theft. Fall I’m usually the first one on my block to salt the the sidewalk. But last winter I had a client come in for a meeting a little before 5. The meeting soon became a celebration. While we were toasting, the temperature outside dropped and the rain turned to ice. My client took one step out the front door and fell flat on his back. He hit his head and slipped a disc. Hostage We’re small, at least by finance standards. Why would anyone bother to hack us? At least that’s what I used to think. Then I found out why: because it’s easy. I can’t believe I was so naïve. Someone, somewhere hacked our system and held our client accounts for ransom: $300,000. I took out a loan and paid it. Still trying to calculate the cost to our reputation. Your People You may be a financial professional, but your business is all about service. And in order to provide your clients with the kind of service they expect, you need your people—and you need them to be happy, healthy and safe. After all, supporting and protecting your people is step one in protecting your business. 23% of women harassed at work said it involved a superior. Harassment My partner and I never thought we’d become another wealth management stereotype. But here we are, nine managers. Seven of them men. Still, I was really surprised to find out Ryan had been making comments to Nina—trying to get her to go out with him. We gave him a written warning, but I guess it was too little too late. Now we’re facing a sexual harassment suit. Accident One of my managers was on their way to a client when some new truck driver drifted across the double yellow line. She swerved to avoid him and sideswiped another car before skidding into the retaining wall. She ended up with a severe concussion, amongst other things and has been out for weeks. Your Property Let’s face it, competing with the big guys for clients is a lot easier than competing with them for talent. So, you do what you can: new laptops every two years, company car, and an office that feels aspirational yet welcoming. Now you just need to protect what you have. 44% of office thieves have a Bachelor’s Degree or higher. Theft Providing a company car has really helped tip the scale when it comes to recruitment. If there’s one thing I’ve learned from the larger firms, it’s to never underestimate the power of a shiny new thing. Unfortunately, financial advisors aren’t the only ones who appreciate a new car. Max’s company car was stolen from right in front of a client’s office. Pipe Burst Growing up, my uncle was a paramedic. He always had some horror story for us. I guess he made a lasting impression because to this day I always make sure everything is up to code: electrical, sprinklers, fire exits, whatever. Anyway, turns out sometimes things just happen. Like last year when a pipe in our sprinkler system burst. Computers, files, flooring—all destroyed. Twister If it was a hurricane we’d have boarded up the windows. If it was the river we would have filled and stacked sandbags. But with a tornado, what could we do? We backed up our files to the cloud, told everyone to take their laptops and sent them home to be with their families. The odds of the office getting hit were slim, but not slim enough. By morning there was nothing left. From advisors to brokers From advisors to brokers THREE provides comprehensive coverage for: Estate Planners Financial Planners & Advisors Investment Advisors Commodity Brokers Stockbrokers Foreign Currency Exchange Investment Management Firm Credit Reporting Agencies Hedge Funds Small business coverage then. Small business coverage now. Questions? Speak with a THREE Small Business Advisor. Call 1-800-507-4495 An ounce of prevention The best way to protect your business is to educate your staff to help prevent risky situations to begin with. In addition to online training tools, THREE offers these convenient posters that you can print out and start using right now. Your Operations First Aid for a Heart Attack Download Recognizing Medical Conditions Download Your People Communication Tips for a Diverse Workforce Download 101 Stress Relievers Download Managing Work Stress Download Your Property A Guide to Worksite Fire Safety Download Ready to simplify your insurance and get ready for whatever comes next? Get a Quote THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn