Accounting Business Insurance - THREE by Berkshire Hathaway Skip to main content Three by Berkshire Hathaway Get Quote Questions? Call us at 1-800-507-4495 Three by Berkshire Hathaway About Our Story Why Three Our Policy Industries Cleaning & Janitorial Hospitality Residential Construction Restaurants & Taverns Technology Services Trade Contractors Resources Articles & Whitepapers FAQs Certificates Claims Claims Process File a Worker's Compensation Claim File a Property, Auto, or Liability Claim 1-800-507-4495 Agents Get Quote Why THREE > Accounting Industry Accounting You are a riddle wrapped in an enigma bundled up with ledger paper. Accounting work demands precision, but managing a growing practice requires out of the box thinking. Reconciling these responsibilities may not be easy, but protecting what you’ve built is now simpler than ever. With THREE you can continue to evolve your business, while minimizing your risk. So if you decide to launch a financial literacy webinar, expand from personal to business clients, offer notary services, provide financial and retirement planning or just about anything else you can think of, give us a quick call and we’ll update your account. The best laid plans No matter how great an idea or perfect a plan, so much remains out of your control. That’s why THREE was designed to provide the kind of comprehensive coverage necessary to protect your operations, your people and your property, so you can keep your business going and growing. Your Operations You know all the rules and regulations, you always double check your numbers and you even take your clients out for the occasional dinner. You’re more than just an expert in your field, you’re an expert at running your own business. Which is why you never forget rule #1: expect the unexpected. $185,000: The typical loss a small business faces from a cyber incident Bad Advice A couple of years ago one of my accountants advised a client on how to set up his side business to maximize his tax-efficiency. Well, since then his side business has become his primary source of income and the tax laws changed. Now he and his lawyer are claiming my accountant’s misinformation cost him tens of thousands of dollars. Questionable Behavior We’re a small CPA firm; one of our biggest clients is this nursing home in town. It recently came out that our client’s treasurer has been skimping on services and skimming funds for years. The whole town is in an uproar. Patients’ families are suing the nursing home and anyone involved. Including my firm and my directors. Cyber It seemed like something out of a movie. Our system had been hacked. But they didn’t just steal our clients’ records or infect our computers with a virus. They were actually holding our clients’ data and social security numbers hostage! For ransom! I had no idea what to do. Who do you even call for something like that? Your People From the office manager to the tax attorney, you’ve assembled an amazing team. Everyone has their specialty but can pitch in wherever and whenever needed. A large soulless corporation might say everyone is replaceable, but you know that’s not true. So you do what you can to keep them happy, healthy, and in your employ. In 2017 more than 26,000 employees of financial firms were injured at work. Poor Performance I had this one accountant a few years ago, nicest guy. Smart. And not to sound too cliché, a real team player. He was also unbelievably careless. He made so many mistakes. Clients faced penalties due to reporting errors, several were audited and several others overdrew their accounts. I had to let him go. Then, two weeks later, I’m hit with a wrongful termination suit. Injury Being a tax accountant you’d think there’d be zero risk of bodily harm. But you’d be wrong. With all the new tax laws we’ve had more people making appointments. Tricia had been putting in 16-hour days. Caffeine might keep you awake, but it doesn’t keep away the carpal tunnel. Now she needs to go to PT twice a week. Your Property As an accounting firm, your property goes well beyond office equipment and furniture. You are also in possession of your clients’ most sensitive information, not to mention important records and documents. Protecting your property means protecting theirs. 67% of property damage in office buildings is caused by fire. Break-In Our office got broken into last winter. I don’t know what they were looking for. We don’t keep any cash in the office. They got a few laptops and completely trashed the place. Every file cabinet was emptied. It must have been a slow news day because we were on the 6 o’clock news. Then we were on the phone reassuring clients for the next 6 days. Water Damage The office is on the 7th floor. I can’t say the idea of a flood ever crossed my mind. Then a pipe from the sprinkler system burst. Six of my computers are dead, 80% of our files are soaked, most of the furniture is mildewy and the wood floors are buckling. Taken I’ve been encouraging my team to engage with our clients more. Share a relevant article, send a birthday card, that sort of thing. Six months ago Wendy stopped to pick up coffees for her meeting with a client. She was out of the car for 5 minutes, just enough time for someone to reach in and grab her laptop, which was loaded with her clients’ sensitive information. From planning to payroll Whether you’re preparing for an audit, working to prevent one, or just doing some monthly number crunching, your clients are counting on you for your accuracy and your expertise. The first step in protecting your clients’ interests is protecting your own. THREE provides comprehensive coverage for: Tax & Accounting Services Tax Preparation Services Accountants Auditors Certified Public Accountants (CPA) Public Accounting Firms Payroll Accounts Payable Processing Small business coverage then. Small business coverage now. Questions? Speak with a THREE Small Business Advisor. Call 1-800-507-4495 An ounce of prevention The best way to protect your business is to educate your staff to help prevent risky situations to begin with. In addition to online training tools, THREE offers these convenient posters that you can print out and start using right now. Your Operations First Aid for a Heart Attack Download Recognizing Medical Conditions Download Your People Communication Tips for a Diverse Workforce Download 101 Stress Relievers Download Managing Work Stress Download Your Property A Guide to Worksite Fire Safety Download Ready to simplify your insurance and get ready for whatever comes next? Get a Quote THREE By Berkshire Hathaway Get the latest updates from THREE Subscribe Contact a Small Business Advisor at 1-800-507-4495 Mon. - Fri. 8am-9pm EST Monday through friday, 8 a m to 9 p m E S T © 2019-2025 Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, dba THREE. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Pressroom Careers Get a Quote THREE on Facebook THREE on Instagram THREE on X THREE on LinkedIn